1 Annual Report 
2022
Annual Report
2024
Page 2 Annual Report 2024
Table of Contents
● Management’s review
○ CEO message
○ Key figures
○ Highlights
○ Strategy
●
● Governance
○ Corporate governance
○ Risk management
○ Executive management
○ Board of Directors
●
● Sustainability statements
○ Introduction from the CEO
○ General
○ Environmental
○ Social 
○ Governmental
○
● Comments on the financial statements
○ Financial review of 2024
○ Statement from CEO & Board of Directors
●
● Financial statements
○ Consolidated financial statements
○ Parent company financial statements
○ Auditor’s reports
○
● Appendix
○ APMs
○ GRI index
○ Definitions
Page 2 Annual Report 2024
04
05
06
07
08
14
15
20
26
28
29
30
31
43
49
58
60
60
65
67
68
127
151
156
157
161
166
Otovo’s mission is to bring European 
homeowners easy and affordable clean 
energy. Through our pan-European 
marketplace that connects consumers wanting 
to add batteries, heat pumps, EV chargers or 
solar panels to their homes with local, reliable 
installer companies looking to fill their order 
books with projects, we create an easy, 
trustworthy and affordable way to go solar.
By entering their home address on the local 
Otovo website, customers obtain proposed 
design and price for their installation in 
real-time, based on automatic and binding 
offers from Otovo's network of installers. This is 
offered both through a direct payment and 
subscription offering. An increasing share of 
Otovo’s customers choose a subscription, 
where they enter into a 20-year customer 
relationship with Otovo. 
Through its activities, Otovo contributes to 
making the European electricity grid both 
greener and more robust by providing 
conflict-free energy, replacing greenhouse gas 
emissions over the solar installation’s lifetime, 
expected to be 30 years or more.
Founded in 2016, Otovo has rapidly scaled its 
platform across Europe. Otovo is 
headquartered in Oslo, with a shared service 
hub in Madrid and the Group has local offices in 
Berlin, Lisbon, Milan, Vienna and Warsaw with a 
team of dedicated and experienced Otovistas 
who obsess about our customers every day 
and are excited about Otovo’s vision of leading 
Europe into a clean, electrified future.
Otovo in brief
Page 3 Annual Report 2024
Page 4 Annual Report 2024
Management’s 
review
01.
This is a simpler 
Otovo. It also means a 
more profitable Otovo
CEO message
Cost cut, portfolio sold, now re-growth
Andreas Thorsheim 
CEO and founder
Page 5 Annual Report 2024
Otovo is starting 2025 in a much 
improved state over recent 
years. The Company has gone 
through a substantial 
transformation and created the 
mechanisms needed for 
profitability in a new energy and 
storage environment. We are 
proud of where we stand, and 
optimistic about the year 
ahead.
Madrid at the heart
During 2024, we have 
completed the transition to 
making Madrid the heart of 
Otovo’s organization. From our 
new green and pleasant offices 
in Calle de Tiziano we serve ten 
markets with marketing, 
pre-sales, installer relations, 
project management, customer 
support, and accounting. This 
operational hub provides a lean 
and efficient infrastructure that 
is unique in the distributed 
energy space, and forms the 
backbone of an organization 
that can scale down and up as 
markets for batteries and solar 
fluctuate, or as consolidation, 
mergers and acquisitions add 
scale. Notably, this organization 
can bolt on leasing and 
subscription portfolios that 
would be inefficient to operate 
otherwise, providing Otovo with 
a unique advantage. 
In addition we have seven 
regional offices across Europe, 
hosting online sales and field 
agents in daily contact with 
homeowners from the North of 
Norway to the South of Spain. 
This new organization runs at 
less than half the cost of the 
previous one, thanks to our 
efficiency program (completed 
in Q4-24).
A new setup for subscriptions
We also start the year with an 
entirely new setup for our 
subscription business. After five 
years of building up portfolios, 
investing in the assets as we 
sign up thousands of 
customers for 20 year 
contracts, we have finally 
achieved critical size. In the 
fourth quarter of 2023, we sold 
the first subscription portfolio in 
Norway and Sweden to Swiss 
Life Asset Managers, and 
almost to the day a year later, 
we sold the euro-denominated 
assets in eight other countries 
to the same buyer. That means 
Otovo now has divested the 
subscription assets from our 
balance sheet, and operates in 
a simpler fashion: As a pure 
originator of solar, battery and 
other energy assets to the 
residential sector. We have two 
customer segments: 
Homeowners who buy directly 
and Swiss Life (or other 
infrastructure owners) who buy 
assets we generate on 20-year 
lease contracts.
This is a simpler Otovo. It also 
means a more profitable Otovo, 
and an Otovo that moves from 
investing to harvesting cash 
each time we build a 
subscription asset. Let’s go!
Andreas E. Thorsheim,
CEO and founder
Key figures 2024
586m
Revenues 
(IFRS)
(2023: 1,011m)
5,701
Net 
Sales
(2023: 7,891)
830m
Revenues 
Generated
(2023: 1,590m)
The share
Otovo has been listed on Euronext Growth Oslo since 19 February 2021 with
 ticker OTOVO.
On 14 February 2023, Otovo transferred to the main list on Euronext Oslo Børs .
Page 6 Annual Report 2024
930m
Accumulated Contracted 
Subscription Revenue
(2023: 589m)
6,104
Completed
Installations
(2023: 10,621)
Page 7 Annual Report 2024
Highlights 2024
Completes subsequent 
offering following the 
Company’s NOK 450 million 
private placement in 
December 2023
Welcomes Jacob Wall, Eivind 
Tønnessen and Mette Rokne 
Hanestad as new board 
members and Beatriz Malo 
de Molina as chair of the 
Board of Directors
Presents new functional 
organization that simplifies 
reporting lines, de-layers 
organization and enables a 
more efficient pan-European 
operating model with a 
hearth in Madrid
Jan
Feb
Apr
Jun
Sep
Oct
Announces partnership 
with Swiss solar module 
manufacturer Meyer Burger
to provide “Made in Europe” 
solar products available for 
European customers
Signs term sheet agreement 
for sale of the Company’s 
continental subscription 
portfolio in EUR 105 million
transaction
Signs high profile 
partnerships with 
Volkswagen Group and 
German drivers’ association 
ADAC representing new and 
attractive channels for Otovo
Extends debt facility with 
DNB and Sparebank 1 SR to 
24 January 2026 reducing 
margin to 3.25% and 
increasing leverage to 75% 
versus capex for four more 
countries
Dec
Launches cost program to 
align Otovo’s cost structure 
with current activity levels 
reducing cost levels by 
between NOK 200-225m 
from Q2 2024 levels
Purchases portfolio of 
subscription customers
in Austria with intention to 
roll portfolio into announced 
sale of continental 
subscription portfolio
Page 8 Annual Report 2024
Otovo aspires to be Europe's most trusted expert in energy solutions for private 
households, delivering the best value for money to consumers. To achieve this, the 
Company continually sets strategic priorities that drive its progress toward market 
leadership in Europe. These priorities, endorsed by the Board of Directors, help shape 
the Company’s direction and focus.
Strategy
Your trusted expert 
in energy solutions, offering the best 
value for money and support 
throughout your system’s life-cycle 
Page 9 Annual Report 2024
European scaling and 
expansion
2016 - 2018 2019 - 2022 2023-2024
Adapt to energy 
“hangover market”
Creating the software 
product
● Establishment of the 
first marketplace for 
solar energy 
installations in 
Europe
● Finding 
product-market fit 
in Scandinavia and 
gaining strong 
market share
● Build #1 distributed 
energy platform in 
Europe
● 5 countries in three 
years, then 6 in one
● Creation of leasing 
entity
● Launch of low cost 
new service hub in 
Madrid
● Reprioritization of 
geographies and 
market presence 
● Downsizing to 200 
FTEs and 
decreasing cost 
base
2025 →
Leanest pan-European 
resi asset originator
● Operate at NOK 
200-250m lower 
cost base 
● Monetize leasing 
portfolios, move 
from invest to 
harvest
● Grow sales and 
ticket per customer
● Become profitable 
on a running basis
A new Otovo is emerging in 2025 - lean and on the attack
Otovo was founded in 2016 with the vision that a marketplace approach was the winning model for 
putting solar panels on every roof of Europe. Over the following years, the Company scaled rapidly, 
culminating in a six-country market expansion in 2022. This happened amid high and rising energy 
prices, post-covid economic stimulus, and low interest rates - factors giving homeowners both the 
incentive and the opportunity to invest in solar energy. Media coverage of the European energy crisis 
combined with security threats ensured that consumers were frequently reminded of the importance 
of energy self-reliance. This was positive for the residential solar market.
In 2023, some of these tailwinds turned to headwinds, as interest rates increased, and energy prices 
came down from peak levels. For many European homeowners, mortgage payments overtook utility 
bills as the number one concern. Consequently, the European residential solar market stagnated.
As 2024 came to a start, it became clear that the market setback was not temporary. Addressing 
this, Otovo launched a complete redesign of its business model. 
This entailed:
1. Prioritizing the most attractive geographies
2. Reorganizing into a functional structure centered in Madrid
3. Conducting tough cost cuts
4. Implementing a new sales methodology
5. Selling our portfolio of continental subscription assets
Page 10 Annual Report 2024
1 Geographic focus
In prioritizing where to invest sparse time and resources, Otovo made the decision to pause three 
markets: Belgium, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. These were relatively expensive 
countries to operate in, where market conditions did not allow for a favourable return on invested 
marketing spend. While on pause, Otovo will not spend on marketing in these markets, and they will 
be operated from other offices, primarily Madrid. 
Italy, Poland, Portugal and the DACH region remain Otovo’s strongest markets, and will continue to be 
a priority going into 2025. Scandinavia, France, and Spain all experienced challenging conditions 
through 2024, but have been Otovo strongholds historically, and will see a rapid Otovo rebound if the 
markets recover.
Such a change creates some turbulence when 
being implemented, as the functional 
managers take on new roles, and employees 
adapt. But the benefits of a functional 
organization were quickly evident. With the 
geographical boundaries all but removed, there 
is now one way of doing things in Otovo. This 
enables a degree of centralization that would 
otherwise be impossible. Now, our Shared 
Service Center in Madrid, established over the 
last two years, is truly the core of Otovo’s 
operations.
By year-end, 40% of Otovo’s employees work 
from one single building in Madrid. Accountants, 
sales agents, marketing professionals, account 
managers, and many other roles are being filled 
in the Shared Service Center. We can now 
efficiently reallocate resources from Portugal to 
Poland, and from Sweden to Switzerland based 
on demand, because at Otovo those markets 
are only a few meters away from each other.
2 Doubling down on Madrid with a functional organization
When launching new markets in the past years, 
Otovo recruited world-class General Managers, 
and gave them a considerable amount of 
autonomy in setting up local organizations. 
Each General Manager was in charge of the 
sales agents, marketing managers, project 
managers and account managers in their 
respective market. This allowed us to adapt to 
local conditions, learn how consumers liked to 
buy solar installations, and how installers run 
their businesses. The drawback with such a 
setup is that it can foster diverse ways of 
working across the Company, as well as 
requiring a larger number of people to do the 
same job. 
In 2024, Otovo took the step of changing to a 
functional organization, where all sales agents 
ultimately report to the Chief Revenue Officer, 
regardless of where in Europe they work. 
Similarly, everyone who works on ensuring a 
project is delivered efficiently and excellently on 
customers’ property reports to the Chief 
Operating Officer. Together with the Chief 
Marketing Officer, Chief Product Officer and 
Chief Financial Officer, these make up the 
leaders of the five functional departments in 
Otovo. 
Page 11 Annual Report 2024
3 Cost cuts
Both the geographic prioritization and the 
reorganization around Madrid were part of a 
broader program to cut Otovo’s cost base and 
ensure that the path to profitability was both 
viable and near at hand. The cost program was 
launched in Q3, with the aim of reducing annual 
costs by NOK 200-225 million. The headcount 
reduction was in large completed in 2024.
4 New sales method
The market headwinds made it harder to 
convince customers to take the step of going 
solar. Otovo responded to this change in 
customer behavior by adopting a new and 
more intimate sales approach. Under the new 
model, all potential customers visiting Otovo’s 
website are prequalified by a dedicated 
pre-sales based in Madrid. This team contacts 
leads within 15 minutes, evaluating their 
intention to buy and verifying technical 
feasibility. The rapid engagement results in 
more motivated customers, who are then 
transferred to either: 
● An online sales agent for a video 
consultation, or
● A field sales agent for an in-person home 
visit, if the customer is located in one of 
Otovo’s ~40 designated hotspots across 
Europe 
Compared to the previous sales approach, the 
conversion rates that Otovo observe are 
significantly higher. The new method was 
introduced gradually across Otovo in 2024 and 
full impact is expected to be realized through 
2025 as additional sales agents are hired, 
onboarded and trained. 
6 Portfolio sale
As outlined in the 2023 annual report, building and monetizing the Company’s portfolio of 
subscription customers is a key pillar of Otovo’s business model. This approach not only drives higher 
profitability compared to direct sales, but also ensures a stronger cash flow profile than retaining the 
portfolio on our balance sheet. 
In October 2024, Otovo signed a term sheet with Swiss Life Asset Managers to do such a portfolio 
monetization for assets from eight European countries and the transaction closed in March 2025. This 
comes at the back of a similar transaction with the same counterparty in 2023, in which 
Scandinavian assets were successfully monetized. 
The total transaction size was EUR 105 million (NOK 1,209m) split between assets built between 
2020-2024 of EUR ~50 million (NOK 580m) that closed in Q1 2025, and a continuous sale agreement of 
EUR ~55 million covering all eight countries. The cash release from the part that closed in Q1 was EUR 
13 million (NOK 155m) net of debt repayment and reinvestment. In addition, the continuous sale 
agreement has an estimated gross margin of 32% which significantly improves Otovo’s running cash 
flow profile as systems sold under the continuous sales agreement are now sold on an ongoing basis 
rather than held by Otovo’s balance sheet. 
Page 12 Annual Report 2024
A new Otovo with laser-focus on profitability in 2025
With a redesigned business model and portfolio sale a new Otovo is emerging, with:
● A robust balance sheet, strengthened by the cash release from the portfolio sale and the 
more favorable cash flow dynamic that the continuous sale agreement ensures
● A lean cost structure, and a Madrid-centered functional organization that is built to carry 
~2,000 installations per quarter, with limited additional opex required for further growth
This is the result of seven initiatives that Management has worked on during 2024. 
1. Reducing payroll costs 
2. Cutting General & Administrative costs 
3. Completing portfolio sale with forward flow agreement
4. Increasing share of subscriptions
5. Optimizing marketing spend
6. Raising the average ticket size
7. Expanding volumes 
Despite a negative EBITDA EBITDA of ~NOK 300 million these initiatives bring Otovo closer to 
profitability and reduces negative cash flow significantly. 
The payroll reduction (1) and reduction of G&A (2) spend was initiated and to a large degree 
completed in 2024 and the portfolio sale was completed in Q1 (3). The positive EBITDA impact of 
these three initiatives, if they had been in effect from the start of 2024, would have been around NOK 
180-220 million. 
Management can now focus on increasing the value per customer (4,5,6) and driving volume growth 
(7) while protecting operational leverage. The potential from increasing value per customer is 
estimated to be around NOK 80-155 million while the impact from volumes is estimated to be 
between NOK 40-100 million. With the investments in our marketing setup in Madrid, and with the 
implementation of the new sales approach, Otovo is confident in its ability to meet these targets. 
Page 13 Annual Report 2024
Otovo’s role in the European energy transition sets the longer term direction
Europe’s sense of energy security has been shaken in the first half of this decade. Amid a long and 
gradual process of electrification and decarbonization, the supply of natural gas was violently 
disrupted by Russia’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine. What had been an inevitable and necessary shift 
became an urgent one. The need to rapidly scale renewable energy production in Europe is now 
self-evident. There is simultaneously a process of electrifying homes, and ensuring that the electricity 
is generated with renewable sources, that has strong political support across Europe.
Otovo is there to take a leading role as the trusted expert guiding European households through this 
transformation. It will require batteries, solar panels, heat pumps, electric vehicle chargers, and home 
energy management systems - all of which Otovo is a trusted supplier of. Beyond scaling the current 
business model, Otovo sees significant potential to build new and recurring revenue streams, 
including maintenance services to our growing installed base of direct sales customers, as well as 
leveraging the flexibility inherent in the thousands of installed batteries to provide grid services. As 
the energy landscape evolves, Otovo remains at the forefront, helping European households 
navigate and benefit from the green transition.
Page 14 Annual Report 2024
Governance
02.
Page 15 Annual Report 2024
Otovo considers good corporate governance to 
be a prerequisite for value creation and 
trustworthiness and for access to capital. 
Through Otovo’s corporate governance, the 
Board of Directors and management operate to 
ensure confidence in Otovo for our customers, 
shareholders, employees and other 
stakeholders and to secure value creation over 
time.
The governance principles ensure good and 
healthy business practices, reliable financial 
reporting and an environment of compliance 
with legislation and regulations across the 
Group. By pursuing the principles of corporate 
governance, the Board of Directors and 
management contribute to achieving effective 
decision-making based on transparency, open 
and clear communication, equal rights for all 
shareholders and good control and corporate 
governance mechanisms.
Otovo is incorporated and registered in Norway 
and is subject to Norwegian law. The Otovo 
shares are listed on the main list of the Oslo 
Stock Exchange. As a Norwegian public limited 
liability company listed on Oslo Stock Exchange, 
Otovo must comply with the Norwegian 
Securities Trading Act, Regulation (EU) 596/2014 
regarding market abuse, the continuing 
obligations for companies with financial 
instruments listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange, 
the Norwegian Public Limited Companies Act 
and other applicable laws and regulations.
Otovo endorses the recommendations of the 
The Norwegian Code of Practice for Corporate 
Governance issued by the Norwegian Corporate 
Governance Board as amended from time to 
time (the “Code of Practice”). This statement 
fulfils the reporting requirement of section 1 of 
the Code of Practice. If the Code of Practice is 
deviated from, the deviation is described and 
explained in the relevant section of this 
statement.
Corporate governance
Otovo uses the GRI Sustainability Reporting 
Standards (GRI Standards) for voluntary 
reporting of sustainable development, including 
corporate governance.
In addition, Otovo has established and 
implemented policies for all of its employees, 
addressing amongst other things matters of 
fundamental human rights, workers’ 
environment, whistleblowing and anticorruption and bribery. These policies are 
periodically reviewed and updated as needed. 
Business
For homeowners, Otovo is the easiest way to 
get solar panels on the roof, and batteries in 
their home. Otovo is a marketplace that 
organises hundreds of local, high-quality, and 
qualified energy installers. Otovo uses its 
proprietary technology to analyse the potential 
of any home and finds the best price and 
installer for customers based on an automatic 
bidding process between available installers.
Otovo is on a mission to put solar panels on 
every roof and batteries in every home in 
Europe. Founded in 2016, Otovo has rapidly 
scaled its platform beyond the Nordics and it is 
currently operating across continental Europe 
beyond the Nordics. The ultimate vision is to put 
solar panels on every roof and batteries in 
every home in Europe.
The operations of the Group shall be in 
compliance with the business objective set 
forth in Otovo's articles of association which 
reads as follows: The Company's purpose is 
development, commercialization and 
instalment of renewable energy, as well as to 
take ownership or provide business advice 
related to these business areas. 
Page 16 Annual Report 2024
Strategy
Otovo’s overall ambition is to become Europe’s 
number-one provider of solar energy and 
batteries to private households. In 2024, the 
market for solar PV systems, batteries and 
related products faced headwinds. As a 
response to this, Otovo completed a reset of 
Otovo’s business model. This comprised the 
launch of a new functional organization focused 
on Madrid as the core operating hub, a more 
intimate sales approach to convert customers 
in a tougher market and a reduction of cost of 
NOK 200-225 million. This, combined with the 
announced portfolio sale, makes the Company 
ready for 2025, where the goal is to move 
towards profitability. See the Strategic review 
section for more information.
Capital structure, equity and dividends
The growth of Otovo’s business model has been 
financed primarily through equity, which is the 
most appropriate funding source for a 
company in a scale-up phase like Otovo. The 
subscription business has historically been set 
up to be partly financed through bank debt. 
Following the portfolio sale the bank will have 
limited bank debt as almost all subscription 
systems are sold on a continuous sales 
agreement. The Board of Directors considers the 
capitalisation of the Group to be appropriate 
relative to its strategy and risk profile. 
Otovo is in a scale-up phase and the 
Company’s business model is currently not 
profitable. Consequently, Otovo is not in a 
position to pay dividends. 
The Board of Directors’ authorisation to increase 
the share capital in relation to the Company’s 
option program, has a duration of two years 
from the date it was given.
Equal treatment of shareholders and 
negotiability
Otovo is committed to equal treatment of 
shareholders, and would only deviate from 
preemptive rights when it is justified. In 
November 2023, Otovo raised NOK 450 million 
through a private placement to finance its path 
towards profitability. 
The placement represented a deviation from 
the shareholders' pre-emptive right to 
subscribe for and be allocated the shares in the 
offering. The Board considered the structure of 
the equity raise in light of the equal treatment 
obligations under the Norwegian Public Limited 
Companies Act, the rules on equal treatment 
under Oslo Stock Exchange Rule Book Part II and 
the Oslo Stock Exchange's Guidelines on the rule 
of equal treatment, and the Board was of the 
opinion that the transaction structure was in 
compliance with these requirements. 
The share issuance was carried out as private 
placements in order for the Company to 
complete the equity raise in a manner that was 
efficient and with a significantly lower risk and 
without the significant discount to the trading 
price compared to a rights issue. 
The subscription price was set based on the 
market price on the day the transaction gained 
sufficient support to be launched.
In January 2024, the Board conducted a 
subsequent offering towards existing 
shareholders who did not participate in the 
November 2023 private placement. 
On this basis, and based on an assessment of 
the equity capital markets, the Board 
considered the transaction to be in the 
common interest of the Company and its 
shareholders.
Further, Otovo has in place certain incentive 
programmes for employees which imply 
deviating from the preferential rights of the 
shareholders. The programmes are based on 
common market practice and deemed 
essential to be able to attract and retain talent 
and to keep personnel costs at a sustainable 
level. All programmes have been approved by 
the General Meeting.
There are no restrictions on any party’s ability to 
own, trade or vote for the shares in the 
Company.
Page 17 Annual Report 2024
General Meeting
The General Meeting expresses the will of the 
shareholders of Otovo and its tasks include 
formally appointing the external auditor, 
approving the annual accounts, the allocation 
of net income, mandating corporate actions 
involving shareholders' equity and electing the 
members of the Board of Directors and the 
Nomination Committee. 
All of the Company’s shareholders are free to 
participate in the General Meetings, and Otovo 
follows market practice, the Code of Practice 
and corporate law in relation to General 
Meetings. Shareholders who are not able to be 
present at the General Meeting are given the 
opportunity to vote by proxy or to participate 
online unless the Board of Directors finds that it 
has reasonable cause to refuse such online 
participation. 
Governing bodies
The Board of Directors and the Nomination 
Committee are elected by the General Meeting, 
while the Audit Committee and Remuneration 
Committee are elected by the Board of 
Directors from among the Board members. The 
nomination, selection and composition of all the 
governing bodies take into account the 
interests of stakeholders, including 
shareholders. In addition, consideration is given 
to independence and competencies such as 
financial literacy, as well as the ability to impact 
the organisation and add diversity of 
viewpoints. See Otovo’s Sustainability 
Statements for further information about 
diversity, inclusion and equality at Otovo. 
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors of Otovo currently has six 
shareholder-elected members and two 
employee-elected members. All 
shareholder-elected members are independent 
of the executive personnel and three members 
are independent of the major shareholders of 
the Company. The Board of Directors currently 
consists of four women and four men, in 
accordance with the Company’s policy of 
maximum 60% percent gender homogeneity. 
See the Board of Directors section for 
information on each Board member.
The Board of Directors has implemented 
instructions for the Board of Directors and the 
executive management, including instructions 
for election and composition of the Board. 
Nomination Committee
The Company’s Nomination Committee was 
elected at the Annual General Meeting 17 April 
2024 and consists of Atle Knudsen (Executive 
Vice President for New Industry at Å Energi AS), 
Marie Strannegård (CEO of AxSol AB), Ingunn 
Andersen Randa, (Executive Vice President at 
Obos AS) and Christian Berg (CFO of Wilh. 
Wilhelmsen Holding ASA). 
The Nomination Committee shall give 
recommendations for the election and 
remuneration of Board Members and members 
of the Nomination Committee. The Nomination 
Committee shall have contact with 
shareholders, the Board of Directors and the 
Company’s executive personnel as part of its 
work. The further details of its responsibilities are 
described in Otovo's "Mandate for the 
Nomination Committee" that has been adopted 
by the General Meeting. 
Otovo has provided information regarding the 
members of the Nomination Committee and 
deadlines for submitting proposals to the 
Nomination Committee. 
Page 18 Annual Report 2024
Audit Committee
The Board of Directors has established an Audit 
Committee The Audit Committee provides 
support to the Board of Directors within the 
scope of its mandate and in particular within 
financial reporting, corporate governance and 
risk management and in compliance rules and 
standards applicable to the Otovo Group. The 
Audit Committee has no decision-making 
authority unless the Board delegates such 
authority with respect to specific issues. The 
members of the Audit Committee are elected 
by and amongst the members of the Board of 
Directors for a term of up to two years. The 
Audit Committee currently consists of Mette 
Rokne Hanestad (chair) and Jacob Wall.
The Group rwill for annual and interim reporting 
make judgements. Such judgements are 
carried out under the control of the CFO. 
Additionally, judgemental items including 
methodology followed, assumptions used as 
well as results are discussed with the Audit 
Committee as part of their review of annual and 
interim financial reporting.
Remuneration Committee
The Board of Directors has established a 
Remuneration Committee, which is currently 
composed of Tor Øystein Repstad (chair) and 
Beatriz Malo de Molina.
The primary purpose of the Remuneration 
Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in 
matters relating to remuneration of the 
executive management of the Otovo Group, 
including performance-based bonus and 
Employee Stock Option structures, as well as 
prepare matters relating to other material 
employment issues in respect of the executive 
management. 
The members of the Remuneration Committee 
are elected by and amongst the members of 
the Board of Directors for a term of up to two 
years and shall be independent of Otovo's 
executive management.
The objectives, responsibilities and functions of 
the Remuneration Committee are described in 
Otovo's "Mandate for the Remuneration 
Committee".
Risk management
Risk management is an integral part of Otovo’s 
business activities and decisions every day, and 
risks are managed and monitored on an 
ongoing basis in accordance with Otovo’s risk 
management policy. See the Risk Management 
section for further information.
Board remuneration
Remuneration to the Board members for 2024 
will be determined by the Annual General 
Meeting based on the recommendation of the 
Nomination Committee. 
The remuneration to the Board members shall 
reflect the responsibility and amount of work 
they perform and is not performance based. No 
shareholder elected Board member currently 
has stock options related to the Company’s 
shares. 
Salary and remuneration of executive 
personnel
The Company has in place a remuneration 
policy for leading employees that was 
approved by the Annual General Meeting in 
2023. The Company has in place certain 
programmes for share-based remuneration. 
Performance-based compensation is capped 
for each individual, and no employee can 
receive more than 50 percent of base salary in 
performance-based compensation.
Further information about remuneration of the 
executive personnel is included in Otovo’s 
Remuneration Report that will be presented to 
the Annual General Meeting. 
Page 19 Annual Report 2024
Directors and Officers liability insurance
The Group currently holds a Directors and Officers liability insurance policy.
Communication
The Company has in place instructions for handling of insider information and follows market 
practice and rules for listed companies when it comes to disclosure of financial information as 
further specified in the Company’s financial planning and reporting policy. The Company presents its 
quarterly results in due course after the end of each quarter. Financial calendars are public, and 
shareholders can easily follow the Company on Newsweb and on the investor relations site 
investor.otovo.com. Apart from shareholders that are employees or members of the Board, only 
public information is communicated to shareholders outside of the General Meeting. 
Take-overs
As part of the instructions for the Board of Directors, the Company has in place guiding principles for 
how it will act in the event of a take-over bid. The guiding principles are in line with the Code of 
Practice. 
Auditor
The Board of Directors works to ensure that the auditor presents the main features of the plan for its 
work regarding audits to the Board. The auditor participates in the meeting(s) of the Board where 
any of the following topics are on the agenda: the annual accounts, accounting principles, 
assessment of any accounting estimates and matters of importance on which there has been 
disagreement between the auditor and the Management.
The Company’s auditor is Roger Telle-Hansen from BDO.
The Board of Directors reports the remuneration paid to the auditor to the shareholders at the Annual 
General Meeting.
Page 20 Annual Report 2024
Procedures for risk management in Otovo are governed by the Group’s risk management policy.
The ultimate responsibility for risk management lies with the Board, whereas the Audit Committee 
oversees that the Group has sufficient systems for risk management in particular related to financial 
reporting. 
The Group Management has the responsibility for establishing sufficient risk management processes 
and controls, ensuring that they are executed as intended, adjusted if needed, and that necessary 
mitigation actions are in place to reflect the risk situation at any given point in time. The major risks 
of the Group are reviewed on a regular basis. 
The responsibility for the day to day risk management is not delegated to a specific function, but lies 
with the line and each manager. This responsibility includes ensuring that operations are in 
compliance with internal and applicable regulations in each market of operation. 
Commercial risk
The Group’s services and products are subject to local laws and regulations, including temporary 
incentive schemes designed to support the transition to renewable energy. Any legislative changes 
to these schemes could impact the Group’s earnings, market position, and product range.
Otovo operates within a regulatory landscape defined by local laws and incentive schemes 
designed to support the transition to renewable energy. While these schemes present market 
opportunities, legislative changes could impact earnings, market position, and product range. To 
mitigate this, Otovo proactively monitors policy developments and macroeconomic trends, ensuring 
adaptability in its strategic approach.
As part of its efforts to improve operational efficiency and financial resilience Otovo focused its 
market presence from 13 to 10 countries in 2024, pausing three markets by limiting investments in 
marketing and personnel. At the same time, the Group underwent a reorganization to a functional 
structure, with increased centralization in a few key locations. This has helped strengthen operational 
leverage and reduce fixed costs, making the Group more resilient to market fluctuations.
While local downturns remain a challenge, Otovo’s diversified presence mitigates dependence on 
any single market. 
Risk management
Page 21 Annual Report 2024
Macroeconomic environment
The ongoing war in Ukraine continues to create 
uncertainty and poses a risk to the European 
economy. Any further escalation, particularly if 
China becomes more directly involved in the 
conflict on the Russian side, could impact the 
Group’s supply chains and the broader 
economic landscape.
Energy prices have fallen in 2024, while interest 
rates and inflation have remained high in both 
Europe and the US. Otovo’s value proposition 
remains strong, promising reduced total energy 
costs through solar solutions. However, the 
direct purchase model, which requires an 
upfront investment, has become less affordable 
for certain customers in the current economic 
climate.
The combination of lower energy prices, high 
inflation, and rising interest rates has resulted in 
decreased demand for solar and battery 
products in key markets for Otovo, leading to 
lower sales for the Group. Should this economic 
environment persist, it may continue to affect 
the Group's financial performance and growth 
prospects.
Business model
Otovo’s business model was initially fully 
remote, selling solar energy systems and 
batteries online with turnkey installations by 
local installers. As market dynamics evolved, 
the Group recognized the need for a more 
intimate sales approach where customers can 
also choose a home visit
Customer prices are determined based on 
installer offers on the Otovo platform, with an 
additional margin for the Group. While installer 
companies are committed to offering 
competitive prices, Otovo remains dependent 
on their ability to deliver. In cases of increased 
demand or rising hardware costs, enforcing 
contracts can become challenging, as installers 
may opt to leave the platform or incur losses. 
This can put pressure on margins and 
potentially result in losses for the Group.
This risk is mitigated by having a large network 
of installers, which helps ensure competitive 
pricing and delivery capacity. Additionally, 
Otovo has secured insurance for vicarious 
liability concerning subcontractors, further 
reducing potential risks. As a result, the installer 
capacity issues that impacted the business 
during the tight supply market seen in 
2022-2023 have now been addressed, ensuring 
greater operational stability as Otovo adapts its 
business model for future growth.
Page 22 Annual Report 2024
Supply chain
The solar panels and other materials delivered 
to the Group’s customers are produced by large 
manufacturers, primarily in China or by Chinese 
companies in East Asia. The inverters supplied 
to the Group’s customers come from a limited 
number of global manufacturers. Ongoing 
geopolitical tensions that have caused and 
may cause supply chain disruptions include the 
Russia-Ukraine war, and disruptions in key 
shipping routes such as the Red Sea due to 
Houthi rebel attacks. Additionally, trade and 
tariff risks have increased following the 
comprehensive tariffs launched by the current 
US administration in April 2025. Little of the 
products delivered to Otovo’s customers are 
sourced from US suppliers, but there is 
significant risk of consequential tariffs being 
implemented towards Chinese and other Asian 
suppliers. 
While the Group is often able to source 
alternative components or suppliers in 
response to shortages, supply chain constraints 
may lead to higher costs and reduced 
attractiveness of the Group’s products. The 
Group actively monitors global supply chains 
and explores mitigation strategies to address 
potential shortages or price increases. See the 
Sustainability Statements for details regarding 
ESG risks in the supply chain.
Regulatory incentive schemes 
The Group’s subscription product is generally 
considered not to require a financial licence in 
any jurisdiction except the UK, where the Group 
has an authorisation from the Finance Conduct 
Authority. 
While the Group has done its assessment of 
whether the subscription product should be 
considered an operational or financial lease in 
all jurisdictions, and is confident that the 
product is not subject to licensing requirements 
in any other countries than the UK, financial 
supervisory authorities in the jurisdictions in 
which the Group is present may conclude 
differently. Any such decision could have a 
material effect on the Group’s costs and result 
of operations.
The Group is exposed to risks regarding the 
correct application of tax regulations and to 
future changes in tax regulations. The 
application of tax laws, treaties and regulations 
are highly complex and subject to 
interpretation. Any misinterpretation of or 
change in tax regulations including tariffs could 
adversely impact the Group's results of 
operations and cash flows. In particular, it 
should be noted that the distinction between an 
operational leasing agreement and financial 
leasing for accounting, tax and VAT purposes is 
not entirely clear and may be difficult to draw in 
many jurisdictions. If local tax authorities argue 
that the agreements must be classified as 
financial leasing for tax and VAT purposes. This 
could potentially imply capital gains taxation 
which could increase the tax burden of the 
Group. 
Leading up to the Swiss Life transaction 
regarding Otovo’s continental leasing portfolio, 
the buyer conducted a thorough due diligence 
process, which revealed no findings that could 
not be resolved, addressed in the transaction 
documents, or that would prevent the closing of 
the transaction. This gives a high degree of 
confidence regarding compliance with local 
regulations.
The demand for the Group’s products are also 
impacted by financial incentives available to 
promote energy from renewable sources such 
as solar energy systems. Such incentives are 
available in several of the Group’s markets and 
include, among others, tax credits and reduced 
or zero VAT when purchasing a solar energy 
system and/or batteries. Such schemes are 
vulnerable to changes in government or 
policies. The withdrawal of, or changes to such 
schemes, or introduction of new ones, might 
impact the demand for the Group’s products 
and services and consequently affect future 
sales. In addition, in some markets, the 
incentives are only available for customers 
choosing direct purchase which can reduce the 
subscription share of Otovo’s sales. 
Page 23 Annual Report 2024
Financial risks
Market risk
The Otovo Group is financing its activities in the 
financial markets and is thus exposed to market 
risk. The Group listed on Euronext Growth in 
February 2021, and uplisted to the main list on 
the Oslo Stock exchange (Euronext Oslo Børs) in 
February 2023. During 2024, the share price of 
Otovo has fallen significantly, which has 
worsened the access to capital and increased 
the risk of hostile takeovers. 
The Group finances its subscription assets 
partly by debt through its revolving credit 
facility with DNB Bank and Sparebank 1 SR-bank. 
At the balance sheet date, before the closing of 
the continental subscription asset sale, these 
assets represent a significant item. After closing 
of the sale, they will constitute only a minor 
share of the Group’s balance sheet. As a 
consequence, the Group's exposure to interest 
rate risk is significantly reduced and negligible 
going forward.
Liquidity risk
At the end of 2024, The Group’s cash position 
was NOK 183 million, down from NOK 583 million 
at the start of the year. The Group's operational 
results for 2024 were negative, and investments 
in the Subscription segment totaled NOK 143 
million. 
In February 2025, Otovo signed a EUR 105 million 
agreement with Swiss Life Asset Managers to 
sell its continental subscription assets, following 
the successful sale of Scandinavian 
subscription assets in late 2023. 
These transactions have unlocked value from 
the Group’s subscription portfolio, securing a 
significant cash release, strengthening cash 
flow, and demonstrating Otovo’s ability to 
monetize portfolios effectively.
The agreement is structured into two parts: EUR 
~57 million for assets built between 2020–2024, 
closing in Q1 2025, and EUR ~51 million for assets 
to be built between Q1 2025 – Q3 2026, under a 
continuous sale agreement. Following the 
transaction, Otovo will pay down EUR ~39m in 
debt, with an expected cash release of EUR 13 
million (NOK 155m). As both the continental and 
Scandinavian agreements include a continuous 
sale structure, Otovo ensures that subscription 
sales are converted into cash as installations 
are completed with a gross margin of 32%.
In addition to the portfolio sale the Company 
also undertook a significant cost reduction 
program with the aim to reduce costs with NOK 
200-225 million from Q2 2024. The combination 
of these measures significantly improves both 
the cash position at the closing of the portfolio 
sale as well as the cash conversion profile for 
the Group. 
Currency risk
The currency risk for each of the Group’s 
subsidiaries is limited as each entity has 
revenues and costs in its local currency. 
Wholesale prices of materials may to a certain 
extent vary with fluctuations in exchange rates, 
that will influence prices to customers which in 
turn could affect the attractiveness of the 
product.
The Group finances its operations in 
subsidiaries partly through debt financing in the 
respective countries’ currency. This leads to an 
currency risk because the intra group debt is 
valued in Norwegian kroner. While this can 
cause significant accounting effects the 
operational impact is limited as the subsidiaries 
operations are in their local currency.f 
To mitigate the accounting effect, the Group 
has taken steps to reduce intra group debt. The 
proceeds from the recent sale of continental 
subscription assets, received in EUR, will help 
finance Eurozone subsidiaries, creating a 
natural hedge and reducing the need for 
currency conversions. Otherwise, the Group’s 
current policy is not to hedge its currency risk 
through FX futures or other derivatives.
Page 24 Annual Report 2024
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the loss that the Group would suffer 
if a counterparty fails to perform its financial 
obligations. The Group’s credit risks largely arise 
from trade receivables, finance lease 
receivables and cash and cash equivalents. The 
counterparts for the Group’s cash deposits are 
large banks which are considered to be solid. 
The Group assesses that there are no material 
credit risks associated with these deposits. 
Credit risk related to trade receivables is 
assessed to be limited due to the high number 
of customers in the Group’s customer base and 
is further mitigated through the use of credit 
score providers ahead of sales, use of 
prepayments for customers or markets with 
higher risk, continuous monitoring of overdue 
invoices all combined with the Group holding 
the right to reclaim the assets in case of 
payment default. 
An important element of the credit risk profile 
for the Group is that the subset of customers 
addressed are, as homeowners, already 
amongst the individuals with the most robust 
credit ratings. According to Intrum, one of 
Europe’s largest debt collection agencies, the 
default probability on a utility bill is 6 times 
lower for a customer owning a house than for 
customers who are not homeowners. In 
addition, the single point exposure will be low, 
as the Group will have thousands of single 
counterparties across Europe. 
Finally, the solar system contract will be cost 
saving for customers in most markets, meaning 
that choosing not to pay the subscription 
contract will result in a higher electricity cost to 
the customer. The incentive to pay is further 
strengthened by the severe repercussion 
non-payment can have on a customer’s credit 
score and resulting access to credit. Both 
incentives are stronger in countries where 
Otovo observes higher loss given default (such 
as Spain) and as such contributes to reduce the 
overall credit risk.
Overall the Group considers the financial risks to 
be acceptable.
Page 25 Annual Report 2024
HSEQ risk 
Within HSEQ risks, examples of areas in scope of 
control are injuries related to Otovo staff, 
installers or customers, material damage to 
property or equipment, environmental harming, 
GDPR breach, loss of personal data or other 
activities that can harm reputation. The 
Company has in place HSEQ policies and 
instructions for IT and handling of personal 
data. In addition the employees, installation 
partners and suppliers are subject to Otovo’s 
Code of conduct in order to guide 
decision-making, and to ensure compliance 
with internal and external rules and regulations. 
In case of an emergency (event with potential 
for personal injury or loss of data), an 
emergency response group is mobilised 
responsible for end to end management of the 
event. The emergency response group consists 
of the line manager responsible for the area 
where the event has been recorded, the GM in 
the applicable market, the Otovo HSEQ 
responsible for duty and the relevant person 
from functional management. 
Other operational risks 
Examples of other operational risks are skewed 
capacity and constraints in the supply chain. 
Installer concentration and supply chain 
management are measured separately to 
ensure timely installation capacity and mitigate 
such risks. Each country's head of operations is 
responsible to monitor this. The risk of losing key 
employees has increased due to higher 
workloads following rightsizing and challenging 
market conditions, raising the risk of knowledge 
loss. To address this, the Group is implementing 
a new performance review process, career 
planning initiatives, and systematic 
documentation of key processes to ensure 
smoother transitions and less pressured 
handovers.
Operational risk
Operational risk is the risk that Otovo's planned 
operations can be negatively impacted due to 
failures in internal processes, procedures or 
instructions, human error, criminal offences or 
external events. 
In particular, the Group is exposed to human 
error in relation to installation of the products it 
offers. When installing solar energy systems on 
the customers roofs and integrating the 
hardware with the end customer's existing 
electrical system, a defect or malfunction 
caused during the installation of the solar 
energy system or related to the solar energy 
system and/or integrated hardware, can cause 
material damage to the end customers and 
other third parties' properties and health. 
Operational problems that are caused by errors 
caused by subcontractors of the Group, 
including the installers, may also be discovered 
after the installation is completed. 
The Group has contractual arrangements in 
place to ensure it has recourse against 
installers of its products, along with insurance 
coverage for general liability and product 
liability. This is particularly important given the 
Group’s reliance on third-party services for 
installation work. The Group maintains general 
liability insurance, including vicarious liability 
coverage for subcontractors, ensuring 
protection even if an installer becomes 
bankrupt. Additionally, the Group’s product 
liability insurance is provided by QBE.
Page 26 Annual Report 2024
Petter Ulset
Chief Financial Officer
Petter Ulset assumed the position as CFO in 
March 2022. Ulset comes from the role as SVP 
Corporate Development at Cognite AS. Prior to 
Cognite, Ulset was an Investment Manager with 
the publicly listed industrial investment 
company Aker ASA. Ulset also served as board 
director and observer of several listed and 
private portfolio companies. Before that Ulset 
was an Associate Partner with McKinsey & 
Company. Ulset holds an Msc. in Industrial 
Economics from the Norwegian University of 
Science and Technology (NTNU).
Andreas Egge Thorsheim
Chief Executive Officer and Founder
Andreas Egge Thorsheim has had the position 
as CEO of the Company since January 2016. He 
has previously had the position as CFO/COO in 
Schibsted Norge AS, CEO of Bergens Tidende 
and other executive roles within the Schibsted 
Group. He has also been SVP of Product at 
Opera Software. Thorsheim holds a Master of 
Science in economics from the Norwegian 
School of Economics, and a Msc. in international 
management from London School of 
Economics. Thorsheim also serves on various 
boards.
Simen Fure Jørgensen
Chief Operations Officer and Co-Founder
Simen Fure Jørgensen is Co-founder, and has 
been the Chief Product Officer of Otovo since 
January 2016, leading the development of 
Otovo’s technology. He is also the chairman of 
the Board of Directors in Simvest AS and Lean 
Friends AS, in addition to serving as a board 
member on the Board of Directors in Kaukus AS. 
Jørgensen holds a Msc. from the Norwegian 
University of Science and Technology (NTNU).
Executive management
Ida Groth
Chief Product Officer
Ida Groth is the Chief Product Officer, driving 
innovation with a wealth of experience in 
product management and consulting. Before 
joining her current role, she was a Senior 
Product Manager at Mestergruppen and a 
Manager at Implement Consulting Group. She 
also held roles at Visma and served on the 
Board of Apéritif AS. She holds an MSc in 
Engineering and Business Development from 
NTNU.
Page 27 Annual Report 2024
Fabio Stefanini
Chief Revenue Officer
Fabio Stefanini is the Chief Revenue Officer of 
Otovo. He joined the Company General 
Manager of Italy in February 2021. He is based in 
Milan, and is responsible for Otovo’s sales 
organization. Stefanini was General Manager for 
Uber New Mobility, and Country Lead for 
Amazon Pantry in Italy before joining Otovo. He 
holds an MBA from SDA Bocconi & Wharton, and 
a Master’s degree in Management Engineering 
from Universitá di Bologna.
Paulina Ackermann
Chief Field Operations Officer 
(on maternity leave) Paulina Ackermann is the 
Chief Field Operations Officer.. She has worked 
for Otovo in Warsaw since October 2020, 
starting out as General Manager for Poland. 
Before this she held the General Manager 
Position for Poland Czech Republic & Hungary 
for Lime. Prior to Lime, Ackermann worked in 
senior positions in Uber for four years. She holds 
a Master’s degree in Econometrics & Operations 
research from Maastricht University.
Alexander Berson
Chief Marketing Officer
Alexander Berson joined the Company as Chief 
Marketing Officer in September 2023. He leads 
the marketing, communications and 
partnerships functions. Berson was previously 
the Europe CEO of a fintech scale-up Rain and a 
managing director of digital retail lending at 
Barclays. He has also held senior positions at 
eBay and Groupon’s European marketing 
functions. He holds an MBA from Harvard 
Business School and a BA from Whitman 
College.
Page 28 Annual Report 2024
Mette Rokne Hanestad
Board Member
Mette Rokne Hanestad has been a member of 
the Company's Board of Directors since 2024 
and chairs the Company's audit committee. 
She is a state-authorized auditor with extensive 
experience in energy transition businesses. 
Hanestad is currently the CFO of Corvus Energy 
and has previously held roles as Finance 
Manager at Avance Gas and Manager at EY. 
She holds an MRR from BI Norwegian Business 
School and an MSc in Economics from NHH.
Tor Øystein Repstad
Board Member
Tor Øystein Repstad has been a member of the 
Company's Board of Directors since September 
2016. He is currently the CEO of Å Energy Invest 
AS. Repstad is a board member in several 
companies, such as NetSecurity AS, Bio Energy 
AS, Norgesfilm AS, RT Capital AS, Green Hyco AS, 
Resitec As, Neg AS, Adaptic AS, Eco Stor AS, and 
Morrow Batteries AS. Repstad holds a master's 
degree in industrial economy from NTNU, and 
an MBA in finance from NHH.
Beatriz Malo de Molina
Chair
Beatriz Malo de Molina (1972) has had a 30 year 
career in M&A, finance and capital markets, 
beginning in 1994 with EY and including 
positions in Alvarez & Marsal, Orkla, Kistefos, 
McKinsey, and Goldman Sachs. Current board 
positions: Otovo, Nel Hydrogen and EMGS. She 
graduated summa cum laude from 
Georgetown University in Washington D.C., and 
has a Master’s degree from the University of 
Oslo. Ms. Malo de Molina is a Spanish citizen 
and has been a resident of Norway since 2006.
Board of Directors
Page 28 Annual Report 2024
Eivind Tønnnessen
Board member
Eivind Tønnessen was appointed to the Board 
of Directors in April 2024. He has deep expertise 
in investment management and renewable 
energy. Tønnessenis a Director of Investments 
at Å Energi and serves as Chair of the Board at 
Entelios AG, ECO STOR AS and Nodes AS, as well 
as a Board Member at Netsecurity AS, Entelios 
AS and ECO STOR Newco AS . He holds an MSc 
in Financial Economy from NHH with MBA 
courses in Finance and Economics from UCLA. 
Jacob Wall
Board Member
Jacob Wall was elected board member in 
December 2023. He currently serves as Axel 
Johnson’s EVP of Business Development. In this 
capacity he is the Board chair of Novax and a 
board member of Elon and New Moon. Wall 
was previously a partner and advisor at ABG 
Sundal Collier and, prior to that, Senior Vice 
President and co-founder of Alcur hedge fund. 
He studied financial management, economic 
history and political science at Stockholm 
University and Uppsala University.
Zoë Wyon
Board Member & Employee Representative
Zoê Won works in Otovo’s Product function and 
is employed in Otovo ASA. She is the Product 
Manager for the software that oversees the 
end-to-end process of delivering solar panels 
and batteries to customers. Prior to joining 
Otovo, she was a consultant with Netlight. She 
holds a Master’s degree in Industrial 
Engineering and management from Lund 
University.
Nico Schwab
Board Member & Employee Representative
Nico Schwab is a Customer Manager for the 
DACH region, based in Otovo’s hub in Madrid. In 
this role he is responsible for managing and 
developing customer relationships across the 
region. Prior to joining Otovo, he completed a 
Bachelor's degree at Goethe University 
Frankfurt, specializing in Romance Languages, 
Literature, and Linguistics, as well as Business 
Administration.
Josefin Landgård
Board member
Josefin Landgård has served on the Board of 
Directors since April 2021, and is currently 
Founder and CEO of Mantle. She was the 
founder of byFounders and KRY, and has been 
an independent consultant for more than 
twelve years. Landgård has been Senior 
Consultant in Volvo, board member at Phoniro 
systems AS, COO in Viewserve. Landgård holds 
a Master’s degree in Management from 
Stockholm School of Economics.
Page 29 Annual Report 2024
Sustainability
statements
03.
Page 30 Annual Report 2024
Introduction from the CEO
Looking ahead, Otovo is committed to three 
strategic priorities:
First, expanding our technology portfolio, which 
includes solar panels, battery storage, EV 
chargers, home energy management systems, 
and heat pumps. These technologies are 
essential for transforming homes into 
energy-efficient systems capable of producing, 
storing, conserving, and managing electricity. 
Second, enhancing the affordability and 
accessibility of solar solutions by improving 
installation efficiencies and offering flexible 
subscription models. This approach aims to 
attract households that initially are hesitant 
about upfront investments.
Third, actively growing our customer base. 
Following a period of stabilization, Otovo is now 
focused on achieving significant growth, driven 
by our unwavering commitment to tackling 
climate change with urgency.
Since Otovo's establishment in 2016, our core 
mission has remained unchanged: driving the 
shift towards decarbonization by building clean 
electricity generation and enabling 
electrification. Witnessing Europe's rapid 
advancements in renewable energy adoption 
continues to inspire us. 2024 was a landmark 
year in the European energy transition, when, for 
the first time, solar surpassed coal in the EU’s 
electricity generation mix. This is a major 
milestone on the path to decarbonizing the 
economy. The decline of coal has happened in 
parallel with a fall in gas-fired power 
production, meaning that the fossil fuels are 
successfully being phased out of the grid, and 
being replaced by renewable energy sources. 
Throughout 2024, Otovo achieved substantial 
milestones, notably installing 50 MWp of rooftop 
solar systems. Additionally, battery storage 
capacity grew significantly, totaling 50 MWh. 
These batteries enable our customers to extend 
their solar energy usage into evening hours, 
alleviating pressure on the electricity grid and 
maximizing the effectiveness of renewable 
solutions. Two thirds of Otovo customers opted 
for integrated battery systems by year's end.
Further diversifying our solutions, Otovo 
expanded its offerings to include heat pumps, 
renowned for their exceptional energy 
efficiency—providing triple the energy output 
compared to their input. Collectively, these 
renewable assets developed in 2024 are 
projected to eliminate approximately 0.7 million 
tonnes of CO2 emissions over their operational 
lifetime, elevating our cumulative impact to 3.5 
million tonnes since the Company's inception.
Page 31 Annual Report 2024
General 
Frameworks and Data Selection
Sustainability statements adhere to the comprehensive module of EFRAG’s Voluntary standard for 
SMEs (V-SME). Disclosures in E, S, and G sections are either material per our Double Materiality 
Assessment (DMA) which has been performed using the approach for DMAs developed by EFRAG or 
are V-SME mandatory. We have also chosen to include an overview of how our Sustainability 
Statements relates to the Global Reporting Initiatives framework for sustainability reporting. See GRI 
Index in th Appendix section.
Consolidation
The Sustainability Statements are prepared on a consolidated basis, following the same principles as 
the Financial Statements. They include Otovo ASA and subsidiaries controlled by Otovo ASA at the 
time of reporting. This includes:
Company Country City
Otovo GmbH Austria Vienna
EDEA GmbH Austria Vienna
EDEA Two GmbH Austria Vienna
Otovo BE B.V. Belgium Brussels
European Distributed Energy Assets BE B.V. Belgium Brussels
Otovo France SAS France Paris
Distributed Energy Assets SARL France Paris
Otovo GmbH Germany Berlin
European Distributed Energy Assets GmbH Germany Berlin
Otovo Srl Italy Milan
Otovo B.V. Netherlands Amsterdam
European Distributed Energy Assets B.V. Netherlands Amsterdam
European Distributed Energy Assets Midco AS Norway Oslo
EDEA Europe AS Norway Oslo
Otovo Sp. Z.o.o Poland Warsaw
Edea Polska Sp. Z.o.o Poland Warsaw
Otovo Unipessoal LDA Portugal Lisbon
Otovo Energy Assets Unipessoal LDA Portugal Lisbon
Otovo Iberic SL Spain Madrid
Otovo Shared Services SL Spain Madrid
Distributed Energy Assets SLU Spain Madrid
Otovo AB Sweden Stockholm
EDEA II AB Sweden Stockholm
Otovo Schweiz GmbH Switzerland Zürich
European Distributed Energy Assets Switzerland Switzerland Zürich
Otovo Limited United Kingdom London
European Distributed Energy Assets Limited United Kingdom London
Basis for Sustainability Statements Preparation
Page 32 Annual Report 2024
Value Chain
In our value chain we cover upstream and 
downstream activities. This is further reflected in 
our Double Materiality Assessment (DMA) where 
impacts, risks, and opportunities have been 
identified.
Measurement Basis
Policies are applied consistently for the financial 
year and comparative figures. Calculation 
factors and references are listed with relevant 
metrics.
External Review
The sustainability statements has been 
prepared by Otovo and has not undergone a 
formal external review. 
Disclosures Related to Specific 
Circumstance:
● Estimation and Uncertainty: Estimates 
are used for some data points, including 
sector-average data, proxies, and 
scope 3 GHG emissions. Estimates are 
regularly reassessed and revised 
changes are recognized in the revision 
period. Accurate supplier-specific data 
for all scope 3 GHG emissions 
categories is not feasible.
● Changes in Preparation/Presentation: 
ESG metrics are annually assessed for 
adjustments or restatements due to 
errors or policy changes. Material 
restatements are clearly indicated in the 
relevant tables.
● Changes in 2024: There has been no 
material changes requiring disclosure in 
2024
Page 33 Annual Report 2024
Governance
How we govern ESG in Otovo
Otovo was founded on the vision to drive the 
societal shift towards sustainable energy. This is 
our raison d’être and is embedded in our 
organizational DNA and how we act as human 
beings. Consequently ,ESG is embedded in 
Otovo’s business model. It is a responsibility all 
Otovistas own with pride, and as such, we don’t 
have an appointed “Head of ESG”.
The Board of Directors has the overall 
responsibility for Otovo’s governance and 
compliance with ESG requirements and targets. 
The main principles for Otovo’s approach to 
sustainability are set forth in the Group’s 
sustainability policy, which interlinks, among 
others, with the human rights policy, 
anti-corruption policy and anti-discrimination 
policy. Further, the Group has a code of conduct 
for suppliers and business partners setting forth 
the principles we expect our partners to adhere 
to. Otovo’s Board of Directors reviews the 
ongoing work related to sustainability and the 
relevant policies on an annual basis. 
The day-to-day work with sustainability is 
owned by the Executive management team. 
Together with resources in their respective 
functions, they work to follow up the impacts, 
risks, and opportunities identified in our Double 
Materiality Assessment (DMA). Their work is 
governed by the policies adopted by the Board 
of Directors, and the work is reviewed on an 
ongoing basis by the responsible member of 
the Executive management team. Annually, the 
Executive management team does a thorough 
assessment of sustainability in Otovo.
Adoption of frameworks, conventions and laws
In Otovo, we are committed to conduct our 
business in line with international frameworks 
and conventions on fundamental principles and 
rights in working life and other similar guidelines 
for the environment and climate, including: the 
Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), 
International Labour Organisation’s (ILO) 
conventions, the UN Guiding Principles on 
Business and Human Rights (UNGP, 2011) and 
the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDG). 
While the 17 SDGs are interconnected, we focus 
our efforts in particular on positive contributions 
to the following SDGs: Take urgent action to 
combat climate change and its impacts (SDG 
13), Ensure access to affordable, reliable, 
sustainable and modern energy for all (SDG 7), 
Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable 
economic growth, full and productive 
employment and decent work for all (SDG 8), 
and, Ensure sustainable consumption and 
production patterns (SDG 12), supported by 
recognizing the value of strengthening 
partnerships to achieve the goals (SDG 17).
Otovo is obliged to fulfil the requirements of the 
Norwegian Transparency Act by conducting 
due diligence assessments, and to account for 
these publicly, in line with OECD Due Diligence 
Guidance for Responsible Business Conduct. 
Otovo is a member of the UN Global Compact, 
we support the Ten Principles on human rights, 
labour, environment and anti-corruption, and 
are committed to make them a part of our 
strategy, culture and day to day operations. 
Page 34 Annual Report 2024
Page 35 Annual Report 2024
Our business model and how we create value
Human capital 
We operate an online marketplace. As such, we 
are dependent on access to software 
development expertise to maintain and further 
develop our proprietary software that enables 
our software to operate. Further, we rely on the 
smartness of these developers as well as our 
marketing expertise to efficiently source 
customers online across the markets where we 
operate. Additionally, we depend on the ability 
of our installation partners and operations team 
to be able to install solar systems, batteries and 
related products across Europe. 
Financing
Since the Company was founded in 2016, Otovo 
has used external capital to finance the 
development of our software, business model 
and our expansion across Europe. Otovo has 
been reliant on this capital, acquired through 
several funding rounds. However, this will to a 
lesser extent be the case going forward. The 
sale to Swiss Life Asset Managers of our 
continental portfolio of subscription assets 
releases a significant amount of capital, which 
Otovo can use to finance the next stage in the 
Company’s growth journey, making us more 
independent of external capital. 
Government 
While solar energy and storage are competitive 
without direct support in almost all applications, 
we depend on continued political support for 
predictable energy markets and a continued 
European energy transition. The European Union 
and national governments continue to make 
financial incentives available for homeowners 
and simplify regulations to make the adoption 
of solar systems, batteries, and related products 
easier and more convenient for the homeowner.
Otovo ASA is a Norwegian listed company. Our 
business model is a marketplace model (NSACE 
code 46180) where we connect homeowners 
with local installation partners in 13 countries in 
Europe; Norway, Sweden, France, Spain, Poland, 
Italy, Germany, Portugal, UK, Austria, Belgium, 
Switzerland and the Netherlands. We help these 
homeowners to electrify their home by 
supplying them with solar PV systems, batteries 
and related equipment installed in a safe and 
affordable way. 
By entering their home address in the Otovo 
webshop, homeowners obtain proposed 
designs and prices for solar systems in 
real-time, based on automated offers from 
Otovo's network of local, reliable installers. 
Customers can choose between purchasing the 
solar and battery installations directly or by 
entering into a 20-year subscription agreement 
(10 years for batteries). As a marketplace, we 
rely on our installer partners to perform the 
physical installation, and we charge a mark-up 
on their cost for the extra value we provide to 
the customer.
Key inputs, and what we depend on
Natural resources 
Our business relies on solar energy for the solar 
systems that we provide to be able to generate 
renewable energy. These solar systems, 
batteries and related products are developed 
using raw materials such as silica, alumina, 
silver and copper. We secure those inputs 
through a rigorous whitelisting process that we 
apply to the hardware we supply to our 
customers.
Page 35 Annual Report 2024
Page 36 Annual Report 2024
While we are still in a scaling phase and are not 
able to generate dividends or other shareholder 
returns, we are confident that the platform and 
brand that we are building will generate value 
to our shareholders over time.
Employees
We have built our workplace around the vision 
of Electrifying Europe, and we see how 
motivated Otovistas are by solving this 
generational challenge. We're committed to a 
culture that values diversity, equality, and 
inclusion, ensuring everyone feels respected 
and empowered to share their talents and 
perspectives.
ESG and our business model
Otovo was established with a clear purpose: 
accelerating the transition to renewable energy. 
This purpose defines who we are, shapes our 
actions, and guides our decisions at every level 
of the organization. Because of this, ESG is 
organically infused into our business model.
Key outputs and benefits created 
Customers 
The solar systems, batteries and related 
equipment we supply help our customers 
engage in the new energy market by providing 
instant savings on their power bill, acting as an 
insurance against price shocks, reducing grid 
charges and providing backup energy should 
the grid fail. This is further detailed in the exhibit 
below 
Power systems
The products we supply reduces the 
investments required by governments in both 
generation capacity and related grid 
investments as our consumers use the clean 
energy provided by the sun “behind the meter".
Shareholders 
We have created a pan-European platform for 
bringing together retail demand and supply for 
solar systems, batteries and related products 
for the home. We have also demonstrated our 
ability to create, purchase and sell customer 
portfolios based on our financing structure. 
Page 37 Annual Report 2024
Otovo’s value chain and key stakeholders
Otovo’s value chain can be broken down into three major components:
1. Hardware manufacturing
2. Otovo’s operations
3. Installation
 Ensuring installers comply with ethical business 
practices and environmental regulations is 
critical to maintaining high ESG standards and, 
de facto, Otovo’s brand value and license to 
operate.
Hardware Manufacturing
For Otovo, sourcing happens through our 
installation partners in accordance with criteria 
set by us. Hardware manufacturing involves the 
production of solar systems and related 
equipment. The key aspects in this step of the 
value chain includes the responsible sourcing of 
raw materials such as polysilicon, rare earth 
metals, and aluminum, ensuring ethical labor 
practices in manufacturing processes, 
minimizing environmental impacts like 
greenhouse gas emissions, waste reduction, 
and sustainable packaging. Transparency in 
supply chain practices is crucial to mitigate 
risks such as forced labor and environmental 
degradation.
Otovo's Own Operations
Otovo is an online marketplace where both 
sourcing of equipment from Hardware 
manufacturing and Installation is outsourced to 
Installer partners. Consequently, the activities in 
Otovo’s Own Operations is limited and more 
similar to companies like Booking.com, 
DeliveryHero and Ebay. As such key aspects 
include fair labor practices that ensure diversity, 
equity and inclusion among employees, data 
protection strategies for sensitive customer 
data and the selection of partners both 
upstream and downstream. Strong governance 
practices and transparent reporting further 
enhance stakeholder trust.
Installation Services (3rd parties)
For Otovo, the physical work happening at 
customers’ homes is performed by installation 
partners. Consequently, ensuring rigorous 
health and safety standards for installation 
workers, proper training and fair wages, 
maintaining quality standards to ensure safe 
and efficient installations, responsible waste 
management of packaging materials, and 
supporting local economies by partnering with 
local installation providers are crucial topics.
Page 38 Annual Report 2024
Our partners receive commissions or financial 
incentives, like discounts for their customers. In 
2024, net sales from partnerships accounted for 
over 29% of Otovo's total. The added benefit for 
our partners include the ability to promote a 
sustainable service.
Installation partners
Over 500 installer companies have partnered 
with Otovo, offering turnkey solar and battery 
installations to our customers through our 
platform. These partners provide pricing details, 
including labor, hardware, and transportation 
costs, as well as specifying their service 
offerings and operational regions within Otovo's 
digital software. This enables us to provide 
real-time pricing to our customers. Through our 
digital platform, Otovo gathers customer 
documentation and information, reducing the 
need for expensive pre-installation inspections. 
Project planning, execution, and completion are 
seamlessly managed within the software, with 
support from Otovo's teams of project 
managers. Installer companies are recruited 
and receive ongoing support from dedicated 
local account managers. 
Supply chain distribution partners 
As Otovo purchases turnkey installations from 
our installation partners, the supply chain is 
outsourced. Otovo’s sales and delivery volumes 
are typically greater than those of each 
individual installation partner. To create 
attractive benefits for our installation partners 
Otovo signs framework agreements with a 
number of distribution partners in each country. 
The benefits range from ensuring better prices, 
credit lines and payment terms, to securing 
prioritised delivery in times of shortage.
Key stakeholders
For a marketplace company like Otovo, it is 
crucial to have strong relationships with 
suppliers and business partners to remain 
competitive, ensure a reliable supply of 
products and services, foster innovation, 
mitigate risks and promote sustainable 
development. A selection of Otovo’s key 
business partners highlighted below.
Hardware manufacturers 
The main components of a solar system are 
silicon photovoltaic (PV) modules, inverter(s), 
cabling and switches and the aluminium or 
steel mounting structure. Some solar systems 
also include DC optimizers, batteries, smart 
meters, and/or batteries only. While Otovo 
purchases turnkey installations, including 
hardware, from our installation partners, only a 
limited selection of hardware components are 
placed on a whitelist and approved for use in 
Otovo projects.
In Otovo’s Whitelisting approach, we set 
requirements for technology, product quality, 
manufacturer financial solidity and sustainable 
manufacturing practices, to ensure that only 
the best solar hardware is installed on and in 
our customers' roofs and homes. Hardware 
manufacturers are located across the globe, 
with a majority in Asia. Otovo engages directly 
with hardware manufacturers and conducts risk 
based due diligence assessments to promote 
responsible sourcing and implement mitigating 
actions where necessary. 
Demand (sale and lead) partnerships 
To increase demand and strengthen our brand, 
Otovo partners with leading 
business-to-consumer oriented companies 
across Europe. By collaborating with selected 
partners in sectors like utilities, retail, real estate, 
and finance, we can reach their interested 
customers with our solar proposition. 
Page 39 Annual Report 2024
Double materiality assessment
As a key element of our work to prepare for sustainability reporting, Otovo’s Double Materiality 
Assessment (DMA) approach is based on the 'IG1: Materiality Assessment Implementation Guidance' 
published by EFRAG in May 2024. This method is an evolution of our previous approach from the 2023 
Sustainability Statements, where we followed Global Reporting Initiative guidelines. The material 
topics identified align closely with this year's Impacts, Risks, and Opportunities (IROs).
This year’s DMA captures learnings that will enable us to improve our methodology in the future. We 
have followed the limited guidance provided by the 'IG1, and combined it with our own interpretation 
of the standards to develop a structured process, scoring matrices, and a prioritization model. During 
2025 we will further refine our DMA process and methodology. 
Page 40 Annual Report 2024
Double Materiality Assessment Process Overview
We structured our DMA into five distinct steps:
1. Understanding the Context
First, we mapped out our sustainability landscape to assess Otovo’s impact on the 
environment and society through our operations and value chain. Sustainability has always 
been central to Otovo's mission, and our DMA reflects nearly a decade of continuous learning 
and active stakeholder engagement. We regularly scan industry trends, media, peer 
activities, and reassess our value chain to stay current.
2. Scoping Key IROs
We began with sustainability topics from ESRS 1, reviewed based on the specific reality and 
relevant topics to our industry and business, and created an initial long-list. We then refined 
this list, clearly linking each topic to ESRS sub-topics, forming the basis for our workshops. 
Based on this list, we defined the relevant sustainability-related impacts derived from our 
operations and value chain, and conducted a financial analysis of the sustainability-related 
risks we are exposed to as a business. Where possible, we quantified the effects of those 
matters and supplemented them with qualitative assessments. Given our previous efforts on 
estimating sustainability related impacts and the complexity implied in quantifying risks to 
our business, this year we focused mostly on the impact assessment. 
3. IRO Assessment Workshops
We ran two workshops to further refine, score and evaluate each IRO. The finance team, 
leveraging deep sustainability expertise built up over the last years conducted the first 
session. The second involved key internal leaders, including our CEO, COO, and CPO. Given the 
ESRS’s principles and requirements extensiveness, we have limited the number and group of 
stakeholders involved in the assessment to internal subject-matter experts only. Participants 
used clear assessment criteria for impact focused on:
a. Severity of negative impacts and significance of positive impacts
b. Likelihood of potential impacts
c. Location within our value chain
d. Timing of anticipated impacts (short-, medium-, long-term)
We mapped the longlist of topics versus our established risk catalogue and also conducted a 
top down assessment of identifying major ESG related risks. We then assessed materiality 
and negative impacts were given a higher weight based on guidance from ESRS. 
4. Validation & Calibration
Results from the workshops were systematically recorded, scored, and aggregated. The 
finance team reviewed these results, ensuring accuracy and consistency across the 
assessment.
5. Final Review & Approval
Finally, Otovo's Executive Management reviewed the DMA results, assigning responsibility for 
each IRO based on functional roles. Necessary adjustments were made before final approval, 
with the entire process receiving formal sign-off by the Board of Directors.
Page 41 Annual Report 2024
Results from Double Materiality Assessment
We manage and track material topics based on their significance and expected timing along our 
value chain. Recognizing that impacts may emerge over an extended period, we use three time 
horizons:
● Short term (0–1 year): 
Immediate or rapidly emerging impacts.
● Medium term (2–5 years): 
Impacts likely to emerge or intensify soon.
● Long term (6–30 years): 
Impacts anticipated to develop or grow significantly over a longer timeframe.
We have identified our impacts on the environment, society and governance (impact materiality 
assessment) as well as the sustainability-related risks that we are exposed to (financial materiality 
assessment). 
Page 42 Annual Report 2024
Topic IRO Type +/- A/P Time 
frame
OO/
VC
E1 Renewable energy deployment: low-carbon energy 
through accessible and reliable solar solutions
I + Act LT VC
Electrify and decarbonize homes, enabling them to make, 
save, store and charge electricity
I + Act LT VC
Production of solar grade silicon is highly energy intensive I - Act ST VC
Oversupply of energy may drive energy prices 
down/negative levels and de-incentivize consumers' 
transition to renewable energy
R - VC
Transition climate risk related to potential lack of political 
support for the continued renewable energy build-out 
(potential insufficient political and regulatory support)
R - VC
E2 Emission avoidance from replacement of power 
generation from fossil fuels with emission-free electricity
I + Act LT VC
Energy consumption/GHG emissions from hardware 
manufacturing
I - Act ST VC
E4 Rooftop-mounted panels optimise urban spaces, 
preserving land and ecosystems
I + Pot LT VC
Natural resources exploitation and land-use change from 
mining of minerals and metals
I - Act ST VC
E5 Avoidance of fossil fuel extraction (oil and gas drilling and 
coal mining)
I + Act LT VC
Use of virgin materials in our supply chain I - Act ST VC
Waste generation during operation and decommissioning I - Pot LT VC
Availability of materials and components in case of an 
accelerated increase in the demand for renewables
R - VC
G1 Selling VAT-compliant systems in an industry where tax 
avoidance is ripe
I + Pot ST OO
Lobbying activities and other means of political influence 
have positive societal and environmental effects
I + Act LT OO
S1 Secure employment: safe and fair working environment 
with transparent and compliant employment terms and 
benefits
I + Act ST OO
Increased voluntary turnover, possibly driven by 
employee perceptions of internal risks or org. uncertainty
R - OO
Flexible workplace: Employees are part of a flexible 
workplace, and are empowered to balance work and 
private life in alignment with their people leaders.
I + Act ST OO
Health, Safety, Environment and Quality (HSEQ) policies in 
place for our own operations and employees
I + Act ST OO
Diversity resulting in innovative thinking and approaches O + Pot ST OO
Transparent feedback loop to ensure career progression 
through training and development
I + Act ST OO
Fostering inclusive culture I + Act ST OO
Recruiting and advancing women and under-represented 
groups
I - Act ST OO
S2 Production of hardware involves labour intensive industry 
sectors, particularly in the Xinjiang region region of China
I - Pot LT VC
Potential social dumping and poor working conditions in 
the installation process
I - Pot ST VC
Page 43 Annual Report 2024
Environmental
Details of our IROs
Positive impacts
Renewable energy deployment (E1)
Electrify and decarbonize homes (E1)
Emission avoidance (E2)
Description How we manage our IROs
Deploying residential solar creates significant 
opportunities. The shift to clean energy aligns closely 
with our mission, turning challenges related to the 
European energy transition into growth potential. 
By installing solar systems, we deliver environmental 
and community benefits critical for increasing the 
electrification of European homes and thus the 
economy, reducing emissions and reaching climate 
goals set by the European Union and national 
governments. 
Otovo was founded with one vision - 
driving the shift towards sustainable 
energy. Our business model is set up to 
allow us to pursue and capture the 
value this opportunity creates.
Negative impacts
Energy intensive production of solar grade silicon (E1)
Emissions from hardware manufacturing (E2)
Natural resources exploitation (E4) 
Use of virgin material (E5)
Waste generation (E5)
Description How we manage our IROs
These negative impacts relate to upstream activities in 
the value chain where natural resources are converted 
into products such as solar panels, batteries and related 
equipment. This results in both scope 3 GHG emissions 
that contribute to global warming as well as the 
consumption of finite natural resources. 
A material potential and future negative impact is the 
waste generation that is inherent in installing solar 
panels on customers’ roofs which ultimately will need to 
be dismantled and reused or recycled. 
In our activities we aim to deliver high 
performing solar panels with optimised 
energy production.
We also carefully consider the 
environmental footprint of the 
manufacturing process when choosing 
what equipment to offer. 
Our software is designed to minimize 
resource use and optimize transport 
logistics.
We work with our installers to ensure 
complete collection and correct 
handling
of hardware reaching end of life.
Page 44 Annual Report 2024
Risks
Oversupply of energy reduces demand (E1)
Transition related risk from lack of political support (E2)
Availability of equipment in case of accelerated demand 
(E5) 
Description How we manage our IROs
Although Otovo’s business model is positively exposed to 
the European energy transition there are negative risks 
related to market and political factors affecting 
residential solar adoption. An oversupply of energy (E1) 
could reduce demand for residential solar installations, 
hindering growth. Additionally, insufficient political 
support (E2) poses risks to solar expansion through 
reduced incentives or unfavorable policies. 
As a counterbalance, a rapid market acceleration as 
seen following the Russian invasion of Ukraine may lead 
to shortages in equipment availability (E5), creating 
bottlenecks that restrict our ability to meet customer 
demand.
We carefully track and monitor the 
wider energy sector in Europe to 
understand the dynamics and have a 
natural hedge by being present in 13 
markets. Through our Service Centre in 
Madrid we can deploy resources to 
follow demand. 
Following the experience with a 
stretched supply chain in 2022-2023 
we have made adoptions to our 
software and strengthened 
collaboration with hardware 
distributors to be prepared for similar 
events.
Our approach and policies
Otovo annually reports on emissions in accordance with the GHG Protocol, including emissions 
from our entire value chain. In addition we estimate the avoided emissions, resulting from 
replacing grid electricity with local, solar power. 
We also maintain an overview of the overall environmental footprint of our products including 
natural resource use. This is an important input factor that we use to determine which products we 
offer to our customers. 
Reporting on environmental footprint including GHG emissions is owned by the CFO and supported 
by dedicated employees responsible for data collection. 
Our principles are aligned with the UN Sustainability Goals, as embedded in our Sustainability 
Policy
Page 45 Annual Report 2024
Actions planned and taken
We work to minimise the environmental footprint and maximise the positive impact of our 
business by:
Overview of key developments and performance metrics
968 945 932
2021 2022 2023 2024
Installed Capacity (MWp)
Avg output 
(kWh/kWp)
23
47
69
2016
-2024
40 MW
Installed PV Capacity
967 kWh/kWp
Avg output, 30y
1.2 TWh
Lifetime Production
211
40
967
In 2024, more than 6 000 households became 
powered by the sun through an Otovo 
installation, collectively adding 40 megawatts 
of solar capacity to homes on the European 
power grid. Based on a projected lifetime 
average output of 967 kilowatt hours per 
kilowatt, these systems are expected to 
generate 1.2 billion kilowatt hours (1.2 TWh) of 
clean energy over the next 30 years. In addition, 
2 864 batteries have been installed, adding a 
total storage capacity of 20 megawatt hours, 
helping to increase self-consumption and grid 
stability.
We calculate and account for climate impact 
when the systems are operational, not when 
they are sold. Hence, only systems installed 
within 2024 are included in the presented data. 
Page 46 Annual Report 2024
Annual avoided emissions (thousand tonnes CO2e)
0.4
0.8
1.2
3.5
Lifetime avoided emissions 
(million tonnes CO2e) 
2021 2022 2023 2024
2016
-2024
0.7
Emissions
When a solar system starts operating, it 
generates emission-free electricity for 30 years 
or more by replacing power generation from 
fossil fuels, like coal and gas, emissions from 
these sources are avoided. We quantify the 
avoided emissions using the European Attribute 
Mix (EAM), which represents the surplus of 
electricity in the European grid that is sold 
without guarantees of origin. 
The systems installed in 2024 will over the next 
30 years generate 1.2 TWh of clean electricity, 
enabling emissions of over 1 million tonnes of 
CO2-equivalents to be avoided. Including 
systems installed since 2016, the total avoided 
emissions surpasses 3.5 tonnes of CO2e, shown 
in the figure on the right. 
The figure below represents the annual avoided emissions from Otovo systems per calendar year 
(horizontal axis), split by contribution of systems installed within a reporting year (vertical axis).
Using this methodology, we apply current knowledge of the electricity mix to predict avoided 
emissions 30 years into the future. In 2023, which represents the most recently published data, the 
EAM was 599.23 kgCO2/kWh. As new data for the EAM is published annually, we make adjustments 
for the remaining lifetimes of all solar systems accordingly. We emphasise that this comparative 
impact is not directly equivalent to changes in the amount of GHGs emitted into the atmosphere.
Page 47 Annual Report 2024
Fig 4b: Scope 3 emissions, 2024 (tonne CO2e)
Otovo specific categories
46 090
Solar 
system 
hardware
1 345
Installer 
transport
193
Otovo 
activities
Fig 4a: Total GHG Emissions, 2024 (tonne CO2e)
0
47 648
Scope 3
76
Scope 1 Scope 2
GHG Emissions and intensity
Category Unit 2022 2023 2024
Scope 1 - Direct Emissions tCO2e 0 0 0
Scope 2 - Electricity Emissions tCO2e 56 99 76
Scope 3 Indirect Emissions tCO2e 48 741 60 199 47 628
Otovo Activities
Installer Transport
Solar System Hardware
338
509
47 895
516
725
58 957
357
1 345
45 926
Emissions Intensity Thousand tCO2/MW Installed 1.04 0.87 1.20
Emissions Intensity Thousand tCO2/ MEUR Revenue* 0.77 0.68 0.96
Lifecycle emissions
Incl battery installations
gCO2/kWh 37 31 42
*) IFRS Revenue. Converted from NOK based on average exchange rate within year (EXCHANGE-RATES.org) 
4) https://offset.climateneutralnow.org/
GHG emissions and intensity
Solar panels continue to improve significantly, driven by advances in efficiency, cost reduction, and 
sustainability. Innovations like thinner wafering and advanced cell designs have boosted energy 
output while lowering material usage and waste. The use of thinner silicon wafers and better silicon 
ingot utilization has also reduced the carbon footprint of solar-grade silicon production. In 2024, we 
updated our emission factor for solar modules based on recent manufacturer data (see Appendix B 
for details).
Solar panel manufacturing represents the largest share of Otovo’s Scope 3 emissions, but 
improvements in manufacturing are gradually reducing emission intensity (kgCO2/MW). We 
continue collaborating with manufacturers to secure Environmental Product Declarations (EPDs) for 
all whitelisted products.
Figure 4 summarizes Otovo’s Scope 1-3 emissions. Scope 3 emissions are categorized into: (1) 
employee-related activities (commuting, business travel, office electronics, and waste), (2) installer 
transportation, and (3) manufacturing, shipping, and end-of-life treatment of solar hardware.
Otovo’s own activity emissions decreased in 2024, primarily due to a reduced number of employees 
that resulted in less business travel. Given Otovo's pan-European operations, some travel is 
necessary, though addressing this area is crucial for achieving net zero. In the meantime, we offset 
emissions through carbon credits. in total we consumed 190 MWh in our activities out of which 76 
MWh was renewable.
Page 48 Annual Report 2024
Carbon offsetting
Carbon offsetting is the purchase of carbon credits, which represents a certified reduction or 
removal of one tonne of carbon dioxide equivalents (tCO2e) from the atmosphere. We offset 
emissions directly related to Otovo’s operations and our employees’ activities by purchasing 
carbon credits. This includes office energy consumption (scope 2) and employee commuting, 
business travel, electronic office supplies and office waste (scope 3). In 2024 Otovo offset 178 tCO2e 
through The UN Carbon offset platform.
Page 49 Annual Report 2024
Social
Positive impacts
Secure employment with safe working environment (S1)
Employees are part of a flexible workplace (S1)
Diversity resulting in innovative thinking (S1)
Ensuring career progression through development (S1)
Fostering inclusive culture (S1)
Recruiting under-represented groups (S1)
HSEQ policies in place for our ops and employees (S1)
Description How we manage our IROs
Otovo has spent considerable resources to create a working 
environment that is flexible, safe and inclusive towards under 
represented groups. Our company was founded in 2016 in the 
Nordics and is as such built on modern organizational 
practices with a relatively low degree of bureaucracy, high 
degree of inclusion and tolerance for differences of opinion. 
Leadership training that 
encourages diversity.
Employee handbooks for all our 
locations that define rules to 
ensure flexibility.
Recruiting strategies to avoid bias 
and foster DE&I. 
Risks
Increased voluntary turnover, possibly driven by employee 
perceptions of internal risks or organizational uncertainty (S1)
Description How we manage our IROs
In 2023 and 2024 Otovo did two rounds of downsizing. In total 
the number of employees was reduced by ~50%, the 
Company also transitioned from a geographical to a 
functional business model. 
The downsizing processes have created uncertainty within 
the organization, both during the period when the downsizing 
was effectuated and, to a lesser extent,in the following 
periods. In addition, an indirect implication of the downsizing 
and switch to a functional organization increased workload 
for certain employees.
Following the downsizing we have 
launched initiatives to improve 
employee satisfaction which we 
track through regular surveys
We have also launched a 
leadership training program to 
better train managers
We have implemented 360° 
reviews to foster development and 
open communication between 
managers and employees, 
providing a comprehensive 
overview of needs and enhancing 
overall employee satisfaction.
In addition we have done reviews 
of how work is distributed in the 
new organizational structure
Details of our IROs
Our employees
Page 50 Annual Report 2024
Our approach and policies
Otovo was founded and is headquartered in the Nordics. As such, creating a workplace that 
values, supports and promotes Diversity, Equality and Inclusion - where employees feel valued, 
respected and able to contribute - has been a priority from day 1. 
Our work in this area is embedded in our Anti-Discrimination and Equality policy as well as in our 
Employee Handbooks. These are aligned with the UN Global Compact Principle 6, Sustainable 
Development Goal 5 and the Norwegian Equality and Anti-Discrimination Act.
The ultimate oversight lies with the CEO and Executive Management. In addition, Otovo’s Working 
Environment Committee (WEC) is regularly involved to measure and report on progress, make 
recommendations and review topics within the HR area. We also have a centralized HR function 
that is responsible for maintaining and developing relevant policies, conducting training and 
running group wide initiatives. The organization including the DEI status is reviewed annually with 
the Board of Directors. 
If an employee in Otovo experiences or observes unwanted behaviour, harassment, breach of 
guidelines or law, we have an internal process for Whistleblowing and Complaints. If this is 
experienced to be insufficient, reports can also be submitted to Otovo’s external Whistleblowing 
Channel.
Our principles, embedded in our Anti-Discrimination and Equality Policy are:
Page 51 Annual Report 2024
Overview of key developments and 
performance metrics
During the spring of 2024 it became clear that 
the market headwinds Otovo had been facing 
in 2023 were not transitory. As outlined in the 
strategic report, Otovo responded by 
redesigning our business model. This involved a 
large restructuring of our organization that had 
three main components:
● Shift to a functional organization: 
Previously Otovo had adopted a 
geographical model where each local 
market was set-up with its own 
resources. This model supports and 
enables rapid growth, but when Otovo 
faced market headwinds, it did not 
provide the required resource efficiency. 
As such, a functional organization was 
adopted to allow for greater efficiency 
through standardization and resource 
sharing across markets.
● Rightsizing: Otovo’s organization was 
designed to handle activity levels seen 
at the installation activity peak in 2023. 
On the back of the redesign, we also 
carried out an exercise to design the 
organization to fit the activity level seen 
in 2024. As a result, a cost-cutting 
program was launched in September 
with the aim to take out between NOK 
200-225 million of costs million where 
NOK 150 million of the savings was 
headcount-driven.
● Centralizing positions in our shared 
service centre: To support the benefits 
of a functional organization we also 
choose to move positions to our shared 
service centre in Madrid.
As a result Otovo’s organization decreased 
significantly in size. At end of 2024 we had 238 
FTEs down from 383 FTEs the year before. We 
observe that the downsizing has been difficult 
for the organization. This has been clear in our 
internal surveys that measure employee 
satisfaction as well as in increased regrettable 
churn.
We have launched several initiatives to improve 
employee satisfaction including providing 
transparency to employees on why these 
changes were required and how it fits into the 
longer term direction of the Company, 
reviewing roles and responsibilities to reflect the 
new organization, providing transparency to 
employees and leadership training to middle 
managers. 
At the same time, we believe that a functional 
organization with an operational hub in Madrid 
will contribute to both efficiency gains, 
enhancing communication and customer 
satisfaction as well as enable Otovistas to 
create meaningful career paths in Otovo where 
they can deploy their talent. Our shared service 
centre today employs numerous nationalities 
with a varied set of backgrounds and we are 
pleased to report a 56% female share of 
employees as shown in the Gender Balance 
table. 
Reorganization also impacted our 
management structure. While in 2023 we 
reported 27 people under management, we 
have in the new functional organization 23 
people under the same category. The 
restructuring did not impact the gender 
homogeneity in the management group, and it 
remains a priority for the Company. 
Other activities and improvement Initiatives
Performance management: In 2024, we 
improved our approach to performance 
management. All Otovistas get their annual 
goals tracked in our HR software HiBOB. We use 
a biannual process to evaluate performance, 
provide feedback to the employees and allow 
for adjustments. 
Leadership training: Otovo’s Leadership 
Program is designed to cultivate future leaders 
by preparing high-potential employees for key 
leadership roles. It enhances leadership 
capabilities, particularly for upper 
management, ensuring strategic 
decision-making and career growth. 
Page 52 Annual Report 2024
Leadership training (cont): With a focus on cross-border leadership, participants gain essential skills 
to manage teams across Europe through expert-led training and cultural competence development. 
As a result, the program not only develops leadership talent but also creates a more cohesive, 
high-performing workforce, driving success and growth for everyone at Otovo.
WEC: In 2024, the main activity of the WEC was a survey aimed at understanding employee 
satisfaction better. A significant 68% participated, providing valuable feedback across several areas. 
The survey highlighted key strengths where employees reported feeling a strong sense of connection 
within their immediate teams. Furthermore, the Company was recognized for effectively promoting 
inclusion and diversity across its workforce. However, the survey also identified improvement areas 
related to salary levels and career development plans. 
State of Gender Equality and other key metrics
A the end if the calendar year of 2024 Otovo had 238 FTEs including part time workers. Down from 
436 FTS the year before. The reduction in employees led to a turnover rate of 113% for the year. 
Otovo’s employees where at the end of the year spread across 12 locations. 5.8% of Otovistas were 
covered by an collective agreement. In all markets we pay our Employees more than the minimum, 
salary. As we exclusively employs white collar employees we recorded no work related incidents or 
fatalities in our own operations. 
The overall gender balance in the Otovo Group is good, with a gender homogeneity close to 50% 
which is an improvement year-over-year. Compared to 2023, the overall gender balance has 
improved by 3 percentage points towards a higher female share, and we note that the Shared 
Service Hub which represents the largest group now has a 56% female share.
Gender Balance in Otovo Group:
Given as Headcount per 31.12. (Parental leave year total)
Office Full time Temporary Part time All contracts Parental leave 
(avg weeks)
F* M F* Share F* M F* M Total F* share 
total F M
Amsterdam 0 1 0 % 0 0 0 0 1 0 % - 8
Berlin 6 15 29 % 0 1 1 1 24 29 % - -
Brussels 0 0 NA % 0 0 0 0 0 NA % - -
HQ Oslo 18 19 49 % 1 3 0 0 41 46 % 21 -
Lisbon 8 8 50 % 1 0 0 0 17 53 % 32 4
London 1 0 100 % 0 0 0 0 1 100 % - -
Madrid 4 4 50 % 0 0 0 0 8 50 % - 20
Milan 12 17 41 % 0 2 0 0 31 39 % - -
Oslo 4 3 57 % 1 2 0 0 10 50 % 52 -
Paris 3 3 50 % 0 0 0 0 6 50 % - -
SSH** 35 28 56 % 3 2 0 0 68 56 % 13 42
Stockholm 2 2 50 % 0 1 0 0 5 40 % - 40
Vienna 7 10 41 % 1 0 1 0 19 47 % 59 4
Warsaw 13 14 48 % 1 6 1 2 37 41 % 58 63
Zurich 0 1 0 % 0 1 0 0 2 0 % - -
Year end 113 125 47 % 8 18 3 3 270 46 % 39 26
* ) Employees identifying as Non-binary has been included in the “Female” columns for reporting purposes. The share of 
NB employees is non-material as to affect the standard approach.
**) Shared Service Hub, Madrid
Page 53 Annual Report 2024
Gender Balance in Group Management, Otovo Group (Headcount, 31.12)
Role Female Male Gender Homogeneity
Executive management 2 5 71 %
VPs and others reporting to executive management 3 13 81 %
Total 5 18 78 %
Gender Balance in the Board of Directors (31.12)
Role Female Male Gender Homogeneity
Chair 1 -
Board members 2 3
Board members: Employee Representatives 1 1
Total 4 4 50 %
Gender balance in Group Management: The Company’s policy objective of achieving maximum 60% 
gender homogeneity was not achieved within the management teams. 
In June, we elected Nico Schwab as employee representative to the Board of Directors to replace Matteo 
Ciprandi who resigned from the Company. Nico was elected by simple majority for the period 2023-2025. 
He is a German citizen and works as a customer manager in our shared service centre in Madrid. The 
election was carried out according to the Norwegian regulations on the employees’ right to representation 
in companies listed on the stock exchange (No: Representasjonsforskriften). Otovo currently has an equal 
split of men and women in the Board of Directors, in line with the commitments in our sustainability policy 
and internal anti-discrimination and equality policy.
Pay Gap In Otovo Group - Annual Total Compensation ratio
Roles Female Male Pay Gap*
Executive management 2 5 27%
VPs and others reporting to executive management 3 13 2%
All other employees 119 128 0%
The table above shows the pay gap among employees in the Otovo Group. Pay gap is given as the 
difference between women's to men's average salary, divided by men's average salary. Bonus and 
provisions included. The pay gap for the Group is low, but is significant in Executive management. 
This is in large due to transitions in 2024 where new female Executives replaced male Executives in 
positions that had pay in the lower end of the range of Executive pay. 
Page 54 Annual Report 2024
Sick leave Otovo ASA and Otovo Group - percentage of total hours, year avg
Otovo ASA Otovo Group
2023 2024 2024
Women 2.02 0.99 2.15
Men 0.77 0.61 1
Total 1.29 1.78 1.52
Sick leave in Parent Company Otovo ASA and in Otovo Group
Sick leave in Otovo ASA and in Otovo Group: The table above shows the sick leave in percentage of 
total planned work hours for employees in Otovo ASA and for the Group as a whole. Overall the sick 
leave is low, with a reduction overall from 2023 to 2024 for the employees of the parent company. 
Page 55 Annual Report 2024
Workers in our value chain
Details of our IROs
Negative impacts
Secure employment with safe working environment (S1)
Labour intensive production of hardware (S2)
Potential social dumping and poor working conditions (S2)
Description How we manage our IROs
Upstream, workers in the solar PV supply chain may also face 
forced labour. These issues negatively affect workers and 
their families, both immediately and in the long term.
Our installer partners’ employees sometimes face long hours 
without proper breaks, risking injuries that can occasionally 
be serious or fatal. In regions with weaker labour laws, poor 
conditions put workers' physical and mental health at higher 
risk.
Otovo’s whitelisting approach has 
a particular focus on assessing risk 
of forced labour, where we have 
blacklisted certain manufacturers 
due to perceived non-compliance.
With our installer partners we sign 
a master franchise agreement and 
an installer code of conduct that 
governs employees working 
conditions.
Our approach and policies
Otovo’s value chain includes both upstream 
workers involved in manufacturing the solar 
equipment we provide to customers, and 
downstream workers engaged in system 
installation. Our installer partners directly 
employ thousands of skilled blue-collar workers 
who install solar panels on rooftops across 
Europe every day. We assess risks and 
conditions in our value chain using a 
combination of industry insights and internal 
expertise, developed through our active 
participation in relevant industry forums and 
stakeholder engagements with manufacturers 
and installers.
Otovo is firmly committed to respecting 
internationally recognized human rights, 
including the Universal Declaration of Human 
Rights and the ILO Declaration on Fundamental 
Principles and Rights at Work. These 
commitments extend across our operations, 
value chain, and the communities where we 
and our business partners operate. 
These principles are embedded in our Policy for 
Human Rights and Responsible Business 
Conduct, and are further operationalized 
through our Code of Conduct for Suppliers and 
Business Partners, which sets clear 
expectations and requirements.
Risk assessments and human rights due 
diligence are carried out by the Chief Product 
Officer, reviewed regularly, and integrated into 
Otovo’s broader risk management framework 
which is reported to the Board of Directors 
annually. 
All personnel working at or on behalf of Otovo 
must adhere to our Health, Safety, 
Environment, and Quality (HSEQ) policies. The 
majority of HSEQ efforts are focused on the 
installation phase, where key risks include falls 
from height, falling objects, electrical exposure, 
stress injuries, and traffic-related incidents.
Page 56 Annual Report 2024
The Chief Operating Officer holds overall 
responsibility for HSEQ policy and compliance 
across Otovo. We take a proactive approach to 
maintaining a safe and responsible installer 
ecosystem, in line with our long-term 
commitment to sustainability and operational 
excellence. This work includes:
● Maintaining a safe and injury-free 
working environment, through 
systematic HSE practices and frequently 
conducted third party inspections.
● Providing clear ethical guidelines and 
compliance requirements through our 
HSEQ requirements and the Code of 
Conduct for Suppliers and Business 
Partners.
● Conducting thorough due diligence 
upon onboarding installation partners, 
and thereafter on an annual basis, 
mitigating identified risks, e.g. 
undeclared work and social dumping.
● Providing and continuously improving a 
strong digital service with excellent user 
experience for efficient handling of 
project pricing, planning and 
documentation.
● Providing increased predictability in 
order volume and reduced financial risk.
● Creating favourable conditions and 
attractive benefits, e.g. economies of 
scale, through distributor partnerships 
serving our installers.
Overview of key developments and 
performance metrics
In 2024, the product category portfolio was 
strategically expanded to enhance customer 
value and address a broader range of 
installation needs. New categories and brands 
were introduced within the electrical segment, 
including inverters, batteries, and other addon 
products. All additions were subject to and 
passed the standard due diligence process. The 
variety of PV module manufacturers remained 
stable, with nine approved brands — including 
three European manufacturers - and one new 
European PV module manufacturer was added 
to the whitelist.
The Otovo Code of Conduct for suppliers and 
business partners, launched in 2022, remained 
a key element of supplier governance in 2024. 
Efforts continued to promote adoption and 
compliance through strategic engagement with 
distributors and hardware suppliers. New 
suppliers and partners are expected to review 
and understand the key provisions of the Code 
during onboarding.
In 2024, we focused on on reinforcing 
expectations across our supplier base. All new 
and existing partners have been informed of the 
Code of Conduct and are expected to operate 
in alignment with its principles. At the end of the 
year, 39% of indirect suppliers have signed 
across categories and 100% have been 
informed.
Page 57 Annual Report 2024
Events and injuries per 1000 installations
2022
2021
2.58
2.13
0.41
1.06
Injuries Potential injury events
2023 0.18 4.91
2024 0.33 11.96
In 2024, Otovo installed 6104 systems across 
Europe. In this process, our installer partners are 
exposed to risk of personal harm. We record 
HSEQ events in our internally developed 
software where we classify them according to 
severity on a relative scale from 1-5 where 3 or 
more indicates risk or actual personal injury:
● We recorded two incidents with 
personal injury. These two events 
represent approximately 9.3 injuries 
resulting in work absence per million 
work hours.
● 54 recorded HSE events with potential 
for personal injury. The majority of 
events are related to installers wearing 
insufficient personal protective 
equipment, like gloves, glasses and 
incorrect footwear, or incorrect use of 
scaffolding components.
● 19 recorded HSE events with potential for 
loss of life. All events are related to 
observations of installers on roofs 
without sufficient personal protective 
equipment. All without injury. 
● We recorded no incidents with loss of 
life.
An important measure to ensure compliance is 
inspections. In 2024, Otovo’s third party 
inspection partners conducted 264 inspections, 
covering 4.3% of all installations. This was lower 
than the year before as a result of a lower 
installation activity, while the relative share of 
installations inspected increased 0.2 
percentage points. 
Page 58 Annual Report 2024
Governmental
Details of our IROs
Positive impacts
Selling VAT-compliant systems in an industry where tax 
avoidance is ripe.
Lobbying activities and other means of political influence 
have positive societal and environmental effects.
Description How we manage our IROs
The energy transition has had strong political support. We 
contribute positively to this as our indirect and direct 
lobbying activities and other means of political influence 
enable us to contribute positively to the introduction and 
improvement of policies, legislation and regulations that 
support the energy transition. 
The trade of installing solar panels, batteries, and related 
equipment is inherently exposed to the risk of VAT 
non-compliance given the fragmentation of the industry and 
the large share of labour cost. 
We work through interest groups at 
both the national and European 
levels to ensure continued support. 
In addition, in our biggest markets 
our managers actively engage in 
discussions with government 
agencies and politicians on said 
matters.
We have set up our businesses 
with advice from third-party 
experts and use local partners to 
make timely filings. We also 
conduct regular due diligence on 
our setup to ensure we are 
compliant.
Page 59 Annual Report 2024
Our approach and policies
Our business conduct is routed in our Code of Conduct. Here we define how we want to operate as a 
company and we set clear guidelines for Otovistas. The code of conduct is further detailed in 
relevant policies. Our Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy is owned by the General Counsel and defines 
how we should engage with business partners, governments and politicians. Engagement with 
regulators, bureaucrats, and politicians is led by or overseen by our Executive Management team.
In our governing documents the responsibility for compliance with VAT regulations lies with the Chief 
Financial Officer as defined in our Financial Policy. Otovo operates in 13 European markets and as 
such must comply with a range of VAT rules and regulations. We have used third-party advisors on 
the setup of our local entities. This has included advice on how we should treat our products for VAT 
purposes. While we have centralized our accounting operations in Madrid, we leverage local advisors 
for submission of VAT returns in most markets to ensure compliance and to understand and be in a 
position to adapt to changes in regulations.
Overview of key developments and performance metrics
During the course of 2024, we engaged in lobbying activities in several European countries. This 
included:
● Germany: We teamed up with the swiss solar panel manufacturer Meyer Burger to promote 
support for European made solar systems for European consumers.
● Portugal: We engaged with the Ministry of Energy to promote the need to allow subscription 
customers access to subsidies and also to promote extending the VAT exemption currently 
offered to customers buying solar and batteries as a package to be applicable to individual 
products. 
● Norway: In Norway, we have been in contact with political parties across the political 
spectrum to promote the need to strengthen support for solar energy and battery storage. 
We have also worked through interest groups on subject matters such as ensuring that 
homeowners with solar systems are exempt from taxes on energy exported to the grid. 
As part of the sale of our continental subscription portfolio, we did a detailed review of our VAT setup. 
This review was performed by EY and did not identify any material non-compliance with VAT 
regulations. Based on the review, we have made certain adjustments to our customer contracts and 
internal routines for VAT submissions. 
Page 60 Annual Report 2024
Comments 
on the financial 
statements
04.
Page 61 Annual Report 2024
Net financial items decreased from NOK 9.6 
million in 2023 to NOK 5.8 million in 2024, mainly 
due to the gain on disposal of Otovo’s 
investment in associated company Holu in 2023 
of NOK 13.8 million. This effect is partially offset 
by an increase in financial expenses related to 
the Group’s external financing of new 
subscription assets. In addition, the Group has 
increased interest income and an increased 
gain on currency related to the internal loans in 
EUR, which also offsets parts of the above 
effects. 
The Group recorded a net loss of NOK 375 
million for 2024, slightly improved from NOK 385 
million in 2023, with a basic and diluted loss per 
share reduced to NOK 1.34 from NOK 2.43.
Financial Position
Total assets as of December 31, 2024, stood at 
NOK 1,1 billion, a reduction from NOK 1,4 billion in 
2023, primarily due to a significant decline in 
cash and cash equivalents utilized to fund 
operations and investment activities.
Non-current assets grew to NOK 825 million from 
NOK 624 million, mainly due to continued 
investments in property, plant, and equipment 
within the Subscription segment.
Total non-current liabilities increased from NOK 
244 million to NOK 467 million, largely 
attributable to external financing required to 
support the expansion and acquisition of 
subscription assets.
Cashflow
Net cash flow from operating activities was 
negative NOK 400 million, compared to negative 
NOK 204 million recorded in 2023, reflecting 
increased operational losses and decreased 
gains from divestments.
Net cash outflow from investing activities 
increased to NOK 213 million, primarily driven by 
acquisitions in subsidiaries, continued 
investment in subscription assets, and 
intangible assets development, partially offset 
by minor asset disposals
Financial review of 2024
The consolidated financial statements of Otovo 
ASA for 2024 have been prepared following the 
IFRS® Accounting Standards as endorsed by the 
European Union. 
Otovo operates in two primary segments: 
Marketplace, involving direct customer 
payments relating to solar panels and related 
products, and Subscription, where customers 
subscribe to use solar panels and related 
products.
Income statement
Total operating income in 2024 decreased by 
40% to NOK 657 million, compared to NOK 1,1 
billion in 2023. This reduction primarily reflects a 
lower activity level as the number of 
installations decreased by 43%. 
Cost of materials and installation services was 
reduced proportionately by 44% to NOK 454 
million from NOK 810 million in 2023, aligning 
with the decrease in revenue. Gross margins 
reflected an improvement, indicative of the 
resilience of Otovo’s marketplace model. Gross 
margins are gradually increasing, as installers 
are on-boarded to the platform, competing 
against each other to deliver projects and 
driving costs down, and the Otovo brand has 
gained a position in the market.
Payroll and related costs decreased by 15% from 
NOK 347 million in 2023 to NOK 295 million in 
2024. The reduction is mainly due to a reduction 
in the number of employees as Otovo saw the 
effect of the downsizings launched in Q4 2023 
and 2024 as well as a reduction in share based 
compensation. 
Depreciation, amortization, and impairment 
expenses were down 16% from NOK 75 million to 
NOK 63 million, primarily related to a decrease 
of NOK 23 million in depreciations of excess 
values stemming from the EDEA acquisition. The 
reduction is due to partial sale of EDEA in 2023. 
This decrease was partially offset by increased 
depreciation of Otovo Cloud and new 
subscription assets.
Comments on the financial statement
Page 62 Annual Report 2024
Net cash inflow from financing activities decreased to NOK 212 million compared to NOK 750 million in 
the prior year. The decrease was primarily due to lower proceeds from share issuances as the 
Company did not raise equity beyond the Subsequent Offering in Q1 2024. The Group has continued 
to draw on the debt facility held with DNB Bank ASA and Sparebank 1 SR-bank ASA. The facility, 
obtained in January 2023, is a EUR 50 million revolving credit facility to finance subscription assets.
Overall, 2024 was characterized by a challenging operating environment with reduced income and 
continued operational and investment-related expenditures, partially balanced by improved gross 
margin efficiencies and decreased payroll expenditures as a result of significant cost-cutting and 
reorganization programs during the year.
Financial Position
Total assets increased by NOK 93 million to NOK 1.4 billion. The increase is funded with equity raised in 
the private placement conducted in February as well as through an increase in long term debt.
The increase in assets is explained by an increase in property, plant and equipment related to the 
Group’s Subscription segment, net of divestment of Norwegian and Swedish subscription assets as 
well as an increase in cash as a result of the private placement conducted in November 2023.
Total non-current liabilities have increased, primarily due to external financing of new subscription 
assets.. 
Page 63 Annual Report 2024
Review of the parent company’s financial 
statements
The annual accounts for the parent company 
have been prepared according to Norwegian 
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 
(NGAAP).
Otovo ASA is the parent company in the Otovo 
Group.
Otovo ASA had NOK 91 million in total revenues 
in 2024, a decrease of NOK 304 million 
compared to the previous year. The reduction in 
revenues was primarily due to decreased 
installations in Norway and lower software 
charges to subsidiaries.
Other operating expenses significantly 
decreased due to reduced head office 
expenditures, lower market expansion costs, 
and a substantial decrease in media spending 
in Norway. Payroll and related expenses 
decreased substantially, primarily reflecting 
lower share-based expenses and efficiencies 
achieved from restructuring and consolidating 
operations into the shared service center in 
Madrid.
The result for the year ended with a loss of NOK 
261 million compared with a loss of NOK 40 
million in 2023, mainly due to significant 
impairments of financial assets as Otovo ASA 
wrote down loans and equity related to markets 
where Otovo has paused activities as well as 
impairments of loans and equity towards 
subsidiaries in France and Spain to reflect the 
weaker market outlook. 
At the end of 2024, Otovo ASA had total assets 
of NOK 1,380 million and bank deposits of NOK 51 
million. Total equity stood at NOK 1,314 million, 
reflecting a decrease from the prior year 
primarily due to the loss incurred during the 
year.
Despite the reduction in liquidity during the year, 
the Company's liquidity position and its ability 
to finance future investments and meet its 
obligations remain adequate and satisfactory.
Annual profits and distributions
The result for the year in Otovo ASA was a loss of 
NOK 240 million. The Board proposes to transfer 
this from other equity. The Board proposes that 
no dividend is distributed for the financial year 
2024.
After the transfer, Otovo ASA will have an equity 
as of 31 December 2024 of NOK 1 314 million, 
corresponding to an equity ratio of 95.%, while 
the Group has an equity of NOK 450 million and 
an equity ratio of 47%.
Outlook for 2025
The market for solar systems and batteries 
faced headwinds in 2023 and 2024, as higher 
interest rates and an uncertain economic 
environment continued to negatively influence 
consumer sentiment.
In order to adapt to market realities, Otovo has 
simplified and reduced its organization, and has 
refocused its marketing, partnership, and new 
sales methods. Significant reductions to the 
cost base allow for a lower break-even point for 
the Company.
Otovo expects a continued uncertain market in 
2025, but is in a much improved position from 
which to face this following the closing of the 
sale of the continental subscription portfolio. In 
addition to significant cash proceeds from the 
transaction, Otovo’s cash conversion is 
expected to improve through future sales of 
Subscription systems to Swiss Life Asset 
Managers.
Going concern
The Board of Directors is of the opinion that the 
Group will have adequate financial strength 
and flexibility to provide sufficient support to 
operations in subsidiaries and meet the Group’s 
targets for 2025. 
The Board of Directors confirms that the 
prerequisites for the going concern assumption 
exist and the financial statements have been 
prepared based on a going concern basis in 
accordance with the Norwegian Accounting 
Act.
Page 64 Annual Report 2024
Subsequent events
Sale of Continental Subscription portfolio to Swiss Life Asset Managers
Otovo ASA on 28 March 2025 closed the transaction to sell its continental portfolio of subscription 
assets in Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Netherlands, Spain, Poland and Portugal to Swiss Life 
Asset Managers (“SLAM”). The transaction relates to the sale of 89% of the shares in eight special 
purpose vehicles holding a fleet of around 6,000 residential solar and battery leasing assets in the 
eight countries. The total transaction size on a 100% basis is EUR 105 million (NOK 1,209m) split on 
assets built between 2020-2024 of EUR ~50 million (NOK 580m) closing in Q1; and continuous sale 
agreement of EUR ~55 million where SLAM will continue to buy subscription assets until the end of Q3 
2026. The cash release from the first close net of debt repayment and reinvestment is EUR 13 million 
(NOK 155m), whereas the estimated gross margin for the continuous sales agreement is 32%. 
Page 65 Annual Report 2024
The Board of Directors and the CEO have today reviewed and approved the annual report 
for Otovo ASA for the calendar year ending 31 December 2024. The consolidated financial 
statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards and 
related interpretations as adopted by the EU, as well as additional disclosure requirements 
stipulated by the Norwegian Accounting Act. The financial statements for the parent 
company, Otovo ASA, have been prepared in accordance with the Norwegian Accounting 
Act and generally accepted accounting principles in Norway.
Statement from CEO & Board of Directors
Oslo, 23 April 2025
Board of Directors of Otovo ASA
Beatriz 
Malo de Molina 
Chair of the Board
Jacob 
Wall
 Board member
Tor Øystein 
Repstad
Board member
Nico 
Schwab
Board member
Josefin Christina 
Landgård
Board member
Andreas Egge 
Thorsheim
Chief Executive Officer
Zoë 
Wyon
 Board member
Mette Rokne 
Hanestad
Board member
Eivind 
Tønnessen
Board member
We confirm, to the best of our knowledge, the following:
● The consolidated financial statements for the period 1 January up to and including 31 
December 2024 have been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards.
● The information provided in these financial statements give a true and fair view of the assets, 
liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the Group and the Company.
● The information that constitutes the Board of Directors’ Report includes a fair review of the 
development and performance of the business and the position of the Company and the 
Group as a whole, together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties they 
face.
(Signed electronically)
Page 66 Annual Report 2024
The below listed parts of the Otovo’s Annual report 2024 constitute the Board of Directors’ 
Report.
Content Annual Report References / comment Page ref
Norwegian Accounting Act
Section 2-2 (1) Information regarding the nature and location of the business, including information on 
any branch offices
Otovo in brief 3
Section 2-2 (2) Review of the development and result of the enterprise's operations and position 
together with a description of the key risks and uncertainty factors facing the 
Company, including information on research and development activities
Management's review - Strategy
Governance - Risk
8-14
20-26
Section 2-2 (3) Information about developments and indicators that are crucial to understand the 
financial development of the Group
Management's review - Strategy
Sustainability statements
8-14
29-60
Section 2-2 (5) A description that provides a basis for assessing the enterprise’s further outlook, 
including whether the results for the year agree with previously stated target results 
and expected developments and give reason for any discrepancy.
Management's review - Strategy
Sustainability Statements - Our business 
model
8-14
35-37
Section 2-2 (6) Information regarding any financial risk that is significant to the evaluation of 
enterprise's assets, liabilities, financial position, and result. An account shall be given of 
the enterprise's exposure to market risk, credit risk, and liquidity risk.
Governance - Risk management 20-26
Section 2-2 (7) A description of key intangible assets, explain how the Company's business model is 
fundamentally dependent on such resources, and how such resources are a source of 
value creation for the business.
Management's review - Strategy
Sustainability Statements - Our business 
model
8-14
35-37
Section 2-2 (8) cfr. 
4-5
Information regarding the going concern assumption Comments on the financial statement 63
Section 2-2 (9) Proposal for the allocation of profit or settlement of loss Comments on the financial statement 63
Section 2-2 (10) Information about the work environment, along with an overview of implemented 
measures relevant to the working environment. Information on injuries, accidents, and 
sick leave rates.
Sustainability statements - Social - Our 
employees
49-55
Section 2-2 (11) Information on matters relating to the business, including its factor inputs and 
products, which may result in not insignificant impact on the external environment. The 
environmental impact of each aspect of the business or measures implemented to 
prevent or reduce negative environmental impacts shall be stated.
Sustainability statements 29-60
Section 2-2 (12) Information on whether insurances covering the board members’ and CEO’s potential 
liabilities towards the enterprise and third parties are maintained, including information 
on relevant insurance coverage.
Governance - Corporate governance
Note 7 to financial statements
15-20
97
Section 2-2 (13) no. 1 Shareholders information: A description of provisions in the articles of association that 
restrict the right to trade in the shares of the Company.
There a no provision in the articles of 
association that restricts the right to 
trade
n.m
Section 2-2 (13) no. 2 Shareholders information: A description of who exercises the rights connected to shares 
in any employee share schemes where authority is not exercised directly by the 
employees covered by the scheme.
There are no employee share schemes 
where authority is not directly exercised 
by employee
n.m
Section 2-2 (13) no. 3 Shareholders information: Any agreements between shareholders which are known to 
the enterprise and which restrict the possibilities of trading in or exercising voting rights 
connected to the shares.
The Company is not aware of any such 
agreements
n.m
Section 2-2 (13) no. 4 Shareholders information: Any significant agreements to which the enterprise is a party, 
the terms of which take effect, alter or terminate as a result of a takeover bid, and a 
description of those terms.
The Company is not aware of any 
agreements where a takeover bid has 
such consequences
n.m
Section 2-9 Report on corporate governance Governance - Corporate governance 15-20
97
Equality and Anti-Discrimination Act
Section 26a. Description of the factual status of gender equality in the enterprise and what actions 
are taken to fulfill requirements.
Sustainability Statements - Social - Our 
employees
52-54
Transparency act
Section 5 letter a), 
cfr. Section 4
General description of the Group's organization, area of operation, description of 
policies and routines for handling actual and potential negative impacts for 
fundamental human rights and decent working conditions.
Governance Corporate governance
Sustainability statements - Social
15-20
29-60
Section 5 letter b), 
cfr. Section 4
Information about actual and significant risks of negative impacts that the Company 
has identified through its assessments pursuant to section 4 of the Transparency Act
Governance Corporate governance
Sustainability statements - Social
15-20
29-60
Section 5 letter c), 
cfr. Section 4
Inform about measures that the Company has carried out or is planning to carry out to 
stop actual negative impacts, or limit significant risks, and describe the result or 
expected result of these measures.
Governance Corporate governance
Sustainability statements - Social
15-20
29-60
Public Limited Liability Company Act
Section 6-16a. and 
6-16b.
The Board shall prepare guidelines on the determination of the salary and other 
remuneration payable to the Executive Management. A report providing a combined 
overview of the paid and owed salary and remuneration covered by the guidelines 
must be prepared.
Remuneration report available at
investors.otovo.com
n.m
Page 67 Annual Report 2024
Financial 
Statements
05.
Page 68 Annual Report 2024
Consolidated Financial 
Statements
Page 69 Annual Report 2024
Consolidated income statement
Amounts in NOK thousand
For the year ended 31 December Note 2024 2023
Revenue 5 565 611 996 203
Finance Lease Revenue 5, 23 20 068 14 347
Other Operating Income 5 63 294 44 099
Other Income 5 8 025 37 925
Total operating income 656 998 1 092 574
Cost of goods sold 5 454 367 809 649
Payroll and related costs 5, 6 294 639 347 272
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment 5, 10, 11, 12 63 083 75 200
Other operating expenses 5, 7, 13 224 917 259 904
Total operating expenses 1 037 006 1 492 025
Operating profit/(loss) -380 008 -399 451
Financial income 8 8 572 4 487
Financial expenses 8 35 885 29 234
Net exchange gain/(loss) 8 33 109 20 587
Gains (losses) on disposal/acquisition of subsidiary 22 - 13 791
Net financial items 5 796 9 631
Profit/(loss) before income tax -374 212 -389 820
Income tax expense 9 -298 -5 047
Profit/(loss) for the period -374 510 -384 773
Profit/(loss) is attributable to
Owners of Otovo ASA -374 510 -384 773
Earnings per share
Basic and diluted, for profit attributable to the ordinary equity 
holders of the Company:
21 -1.34 -2.43
Financial Statements
Page 70 Annual Report 2024
For the year ended 31 December Note 2024 2023
Profit/(loss) after tax for the period -374 510 -384 773
Other comprehensive income which may be reclassified to profit and loss
Foreign currency translation differences -11 030 125
Total comprehensive income for the period -385 540 -384 648
Total comprehensive income is attributable to:
Owners of Otovo ASA -385 540 -384 648
-385 540 -384 648
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
Amounts in NOK thousand
Page 71 Annual Report 2024
Oslo, 23 April 2025
Board of Directors of Otovo ASA
For the year ended 31 December Note 31 Dec ‘24 31 Dec ‘23
Assets
Intangible assets 12,20 90 451 83 656 
Goodwill 12,20 169 555 164 611 
Property, plant and equipment 10 514 425 344 108 
Right of use assets 11 5 898 13 939 
Financial lease receivables 30 728 13 002 
Other non-current assets 14 210 4 334 
Total non-current assets 825 267 623 650
Trade receivables 13,18 45 478 46 196 
Other receivables and prepayments 14 57 951 103 319 
Finance lease receivables 1 248 717 
Inventory 1 330 1 091 
Cash and cash equivalents 16 183 109 582 707 
Total current assets 289 116 734 030
Total assets 1 114 383 1 357 680
Equity
Share capital 19 2 800 2 792 
Share premium reserve 19 1 834 953 1 834 616 
Other paid-in equity 19 94 684 84 960 
Total paid-in equity 1 932 437 1 922 368 
Foreign currency translation reserve -10 637 393 
Retained earnings -1 423 076 -1 048 566
Total equity 498 724 874 195
Liabilities 
Deferred tax liability 9 2 052 2 109 
Non-current interest-bearing liabilities 15,16,18 460 211 235 432 
Lease liabilities non-current 11,16,18 3 449 6 696 
Other non-current liabilities 923 -
Total non-current liabilities 466 635 244 237
Lease liabilities current 11,16,18 2 377 8 362 
Trade payables 17,18 47 419 69 343 
Other current liabilities 15,17,18 99 096 161 444 
Current tax payables 9 132 99
Total current liabilities 149 024 239 248
Total equity and liabilities 1 114 383 1 357 680
Consolidated statement of financial position
Amounts in NOK thousand
Beatriz Malo de Molina 
Chair of the Board
Mette Rokne Hanestad
 Board member
Jacob Wall
 Board member
Tor Øystein Repstad
Board member
Nico Schwab
Board member
Josefin Christina Landgård
Board member
Andreas Egge Thorsheim
Chief Executive Officer
Eivind Tønnessen
 Board member
Zoë Wyon
 Board member
(Signed electronically)
Page 72 Annual Report 2024
For the year ended 31 December Note 2024 2023
Cash flow from operating activities
Profit/(loss) before tax -374 212 -389 820
Gain on Business combination/divestment of business -8 025 -37 925
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment 10, 11, 12 63 083 75 200
Expensed share-based payments 6 10 185 47 629
Net interest income and interest expenses 8 26 692 24 537
Share of profit (loss) of equity accounted investees 22 - -13 791
Currency (gains)/losses not related to operating activities -27 225 -22 077
Changes in trade receivables 5 938 1 892
Changes in trade payables -27 451 -8 629
Change in other assets and other liabilities -54 628 134 106 
Cash generated from operating activities -385 643 -188 878
Received interest 8 8 421 4 309
Paid interest 8 -22 888 -19 185
Net cash flow from operating activities -400 110 -203 754
Cash flow from investing activities
Disposal of associated company 22 - 23 540
Acquisition of Subsidiary, net of cash acquired -51 014 -
Disposal of subsidiary, net of cash disposed of -2 911 220 585
Investment in Finance Lease 23 -15 605 -12 048
Investments in intangible assets 12 -28 483 -36 703
Investments in tangible assets 10 -127 157 -369 449
Disposals of tangible and intangible assets 10, 12 11 846 7 967
Net cash flow from investing activities -213 324 -166 108
Cash flow from financing activities
Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares -176 679 717
Payment of lease liabilities 11 -8 595 -7 247
Inflow due to new non-current liabilities 16 222 581 423 293
Outflow due to down payment of non-current liabilities 16 -1 758 -345 660
Net cash flow from financing activities 212 052 750 103
Net cash flow during the period -401 382 380 242
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 582 707 193 868
Exchange rate difference on cash and cash equivalents 1 785 8 598
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 16 183 109 582 707
Consolidated statement of cash flows
Amounts in NOK thousand
Page 73 Annual Report 2024
Attributable to owners of Otovo ASA
Share 
capital
Share 
premium 
reserve
Other 
paid-in 
equity
Foreign
currency
translation
reserve
Retained 
earnings Total equity
Equity at 1 January 2024 2 792 1 834 615 84 960 393 -1 048 565 874 195
Net profit for the period - - - - -374 510 -374 510
Foreign currency translation 
differences - - - -11 030 - -11 030
Total comprehensive income in 
the period - - - -11 030 -374 510 -385 540
Issuance of shares 4 1 255 - - - 1 259
Transaction costs on equity issues - -918 - - - -918
Share-based payments, exercised 4 - - - - 4
Share-based payments, accrual - - 10 238 - - 10 238
Purchased Back Shares - - -514 - - -514
Equity at 31 December 2024 2 800 1 834 953 94 684 -10 637 -1 423 076 498 724
Attributable to owners of Otovo ASA
Share 
capital
Share 
premium 
reserve
Other 
paid-in 
equity
Foreign
currency
translation
reserve
Retained 
earnings Total Equity
Equity at 1 January 2023 1 362 1 156 328 37 331 268 -663 792 531 497
Net profit for the period - - - - -384 773 -384 773
Foreign currency translation 
differences - - - 125 - 125
Total comprehensive income in 
the period - - - 125 -384 773 -384 648
Issuance of shares 1 430 698 570 - - - 700 000
Change in nominal value - - - - - -
Transaction costs on equity issues - -20 283 - - - -20 283
Share-based payments accrual - - 47 629 - - 47 629
Equity at 31 December 2023 2 792 1 834 615 84 960 393 -1 048 565 874 195 
Consolidated statement of equity
Amounts in NOK thousand
Page 74 Annual Report 2024
General information
Otovo ASA, the parent company of the Otovo Group is a public limited liability company 
incorporated and domiciled in Norway, with its head office in Torggata 11, 0181 Oslo. The Company 
is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange (Oslo Børs) and has the ticker “OTOVO”.
The consolidated financial statements include the parent company and its subsidiaries (together 
referred to as the "Group"). The Board of Directors authorised for issue the consolidated financial 
statements on 23 April 2025.
The Group's business is primarily related to sale of and subscription services for solar panel 
installations and related products through an online sales platform, developed and maintained by 
Otovo. 
Basis for preparation
The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with IFRS ® 
Accounting Standards as adopted by the European Union and Norwegian authorities, effective as 
of December 31, 2024. Otovo also provides additional required disclosures as specified in the 
Norwegian Accounting Act.
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared based on the historical cost principle, 
with some exceptions, as detailed in the accounting policies set out below. 
The consolidated financial statements are presented in Norwegian Krone (NOK), and rounded to 
the nearest thousand, unless otherwise indicated. NOK is the functional currency of the parent 
company. 
Otovo ASA has been granted permission from the Norwegian authorities to publish the Group 
accounts in English only.
New and amended standards 
Otovo has not implemented any new accounting standards or otherwise made any changes to 
accounting policies during 2024.
At the date of authorisation of these financial statements, the following standard that could affect 
Otovo’s consolidated financial statements was issued, but not effective: 
● The new IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements effective 1 January 
2027 replaces IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. The standard seeks to improve 
financial reporting by requiring defined subtotals, disclosure of management-defined 
performance measures (MPM), and new principles for the aggregation and 
disaggregation of information. 
Management anticipates that the new IFRS 18 standard will be adopted at the effective date 
stated above, provided that the changes are approved by the EU. There are no other standards, 
interpretations, or amendments effective from 1 January 2025 or later that are expected to have a 
significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.
Notes to the consolidated
financial statements
Note 1. General information and basis for preparation
Page 75 Annual Report 2024
Consolidation principles
The consolidated financial statements present the aggregated profit and loss and financial position 
of Otovo ASA, including companies that are directly or indirectly controlled by Otovo ASA. The Group 
controls a company when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the 
Company and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the Company.
Business combinations and goodwill
Business combinations are accounted for according to the acquisition method in IFRS 3. Under IFRS 3, 
the considerations are measured at the fair value of acquired assets, equity and liabilities incurred. 
Goodwill is measured as the difference between the consideration transferred and net identifiable 
assets. Identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities are calculated at fair value at the time 
of the acquisition. If the difference is negative, the resulting gain is a bargain purchase in profit or 
loss. However, before any bargain purchase gain is recognised, a review is undertaken to ensure the 
identification of assets and liabilities is complete, and that measurements appropriately reflect 
consideration of all available information. Transaction-related costs are expensed as incurred. 
Following initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. 
For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the 
acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units (CGU), or groups of 
cash-generating units, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, 
irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of 
units.
Goodwill is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances 
indicate that the carrying value may be impaired, by comparing the carrying amount of the CGU, 
including goodwill, with the recoverable amount of the CGU. The Group calculates the recoverable 
amount of the CGU by determining the higher of the fair value less cost to sell and its value in use. 
The key assumption for the value in use calculation is the forecasted cash flows during the forecast 
period. If the recoverable amount of the CGU is less than the carrying value of the unit, the 
impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit 
and then to the other assets of the unit pro-rata on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in 
the unit. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is recognised immediately in the consolidated 
income statement and is not reversed in a subsequent period.
Note 2. Accounting policies
Page 76 Annual Report 2024
Foreign currency translation and transactions
Foreign currency transactions are translated 
into the entities’ functional currency using the 
exchange rates prevailing at the date of each 
transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities in 
foreign currencies are translated into the 
entities’ functional currency using the 
exchange rates on the balance sheet date. 
Foreign currency exchange gains and losses 
resulting from the settlement of such 
transactions are recognised in the statement 
of profit and loss as foreign exchange 
gains/losses. 
The Group has foreign entities with functional 
currency other than NOK, with EUR being the 
most dominant. At the reporting date, the 
assets and liabilities of foreign entities with 
functional currencies other than NOK are 
translated into NOK at the rate of exchange at 
the reporting date and their income 
statements are translated at the average 
exchange rates for the year. The translation 
differences arising from the translation are 
recognised in other comprehensive income 
until the disposal of the net investment, at 
which time they are recognised in the income 
statement
Current/non-current classification
An asset is classified as current when it is 
expected to be realised, or is intended for sale or 
consumption, in the Group’s normal operating 
cycle, it is held primarily for the purpose of being 
traded, or it is expected/due to be realised or 
settled within twelve months after the reporting 
date. Other assets are classified as non-current. 
A liability is classified as current when it is 
expected to be settled in the Group’s normal 
operating cycle, is held primarily for the purpose 
of being traded, the liability is due to be settled 
within twelve months after the reporting period 
or if the Group does not have an unconditional 
right to defer settlement of the liability for at 
least twelve months after the reporting period. 
All other liabilities are classified as non-current.
Reporting segments
Segments in the Group are reported in a 
manner consistent with the internal reporting 
provided to the chief operating decision-maker, 
the Group Executive Management. The segment 
reporting is consistent with internal policies 
regarding allocation of resources and 
assessments of the Group’s performance. 
Transactions between the operating segments 
are based on market prices.
The Group’s operating segments are 
Marketplace and Subscription SPV.
The Marketplace segment consists of 
transactions relating to sale of solar panels and 
related products, while the Subscription 
segment consists of transactions related to 
customers subscribing to use solar panels and 
related products. 
Page 77 Annual Report 2024
Revenue
The Group’s revenue streams can be broken down as follows:
Revenues from leases (lessor - operating lease)
The Group enters into 10 year subscription contracts with customers for their use of standard, 
mass produced home batteries installed at their premises. The batteries are guaranteed by 
the hardware producers to have 70-80% of original capacity at the end of the lease, and the 
estimated useful life of a home battery is 15 years or more. The customer has the right to 
purchase the battery during the contract period at residual value, which is considered to be 
above market value, or at the end of the contract period at market value. Dismantling 
expenses at the end of the contract period are to be covered by the customer.
A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards 
incidental to ownership of an underlying asset. Otherwise a lease is classified as an operating 
lease. 
Otovo has concluded that the Group has not transferred substantially all the risks and rewards 
incidental to ownership of the batteries and has classified the subscription contracts for home 
batteries as operating leases. Operating lease payments are recognised as income on a 
straight-line basis and are presented as Other operating income. 
Revenues from leases (lessor - finance lease)
The Group has changed contracts with new subscriptions customers in Germany, Austria and 
the UK as a result of local changes in VAT. The change was effective for installations completed 
starting from January 2023 in Germany, and January 2024 for Austria and the UK. The change 
entails that the customer has the right to purchase the battery at the end of the contract 
period at a price that is significantly lower than fair value at the date the option becomes 
exercisable. It is considered to be reasonably certain that the option will be exercised. 
Otovo has concluded that the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards 
incidental to ownership of the batteries installed in the applicable markets in 2023 and/or 2024 
under the subscription model. 
The related subscription contracts are classified as finance leases. At the inception of the lease 
the net present value of the minimum lease payments and any discounted unguaranteed 
residual value are recognised as Finance lease receivables, split into a non-current and a 
current part. 
Revenue, being the present value of the lease payments, discounted using a market rate of 
interest, is recognised at the point in time when the battery installation is completed. Interest 
income, included in Finance lease revenue, is recognised over the lease term of a finance 
lease, based on a pattern reflecting a constant periodic rate of return on the net investment. 
Revenue from the provision of services, embedded in the lease, is generally recognised over 
time when or as the Group performs the related service during the agreed service period.
Revenues from leases are reported in the Group’s subscription segment.
Page 77 Annual Report 2024
Page 78 Annual Report 2024
Revenues from Contracts with Customers 
Revenues from contracts with customers primarily comprise sale of 
● Goods: solar panel installations and related products such as batteries.
● Services: subscriptions relating to use of solar panel installations
In addition to selling solar panel installations the Group enters into 20 year subscription 
contracts with customers for their use of standard, mass produced solar panels installed at 
their premises. The estimated useful life of solar panels is 30-40 years or more. The customer 
has the right to purchase the solar panel installation during the contract period at residual 
value, which is considered to be above market value, or at the end of the contract period at 
market value. Dismantling expenses at the end of the contract period are to be covered by the 
customer.
All major components of the solar panels installed are standardised, i.e. there is no tailor made 
solution that works only with that specific house or on that specific roof. The solar panels are 
guaranteed by the hardware producers to have no malfunctions in 12-15 years, and have a 
performance warranty of 25 years. The customer can choose amongst different panels 
standards but is not able to direct how and for what purpose the solar panel installation is 
used throughout the period of use. The contracts are classified as service agreements in 
accordance with IFRS 15.
When the Group enters into an agreement with a customer, the goods and services promised 
in the contract are identified as separate performance obligations to the extent that the 
customer can benefit from the goods or services either on their own or together with other 
resources that are readily available to the customer, and that the goods and services are 
separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. Goods and services that do not 
meet the criteria to be identified as separate performance obligations are aggregated with 
other goods and/or services in the agreement, until a separate performance obligation is 
identified. Otovo’s contracts with customers are for installation of a complete system of solar 
panels and related products, as well as subscription services for the use of solar panels. It is not 
possible to purchase neither the solar panels nor the installation services separately from 
Otovo and the solar panels are first delivered to the customer when the installation is 
completed. The solar panels and the installation are highly interrelated as the customer can 
not benefit from either the solar panels or the installation in isolation.
For goods sold the Group provides standard guarantees for the period of up to 10 years from 
installation of the solar panels. These are guarantees that are either mandatory or expected by 
the customer and not a product that could have been sold separately, hence Otovo has 
concluded that the guarantee is not a separate performance obligation. The guarantees only 
provide assurance that the product sold to the customer complies with agreed-upon 
specifications.
The Group determines the transaction price to be the amount of consideration which it expects 
to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods and services to the customer, 
net of discounts and sales related taxes. Sales related taxes are regarded as collected on 
behalf of the authorities. The Group adjusts the transaction price for a significant financing 
component if, at contract inception, the expected period between the transfer of a good or 
service to the customer and when the customer pays for that good or service is more than one 
year, unless the timing of the transfer of those goods or services is at the discretion of the 
customer (i.e. prepaid services). Prepayments are used in some markets to reduce credit risk. 
Due to the short time lag between prepayment and transfer of ownership the Group has 
concluded that the contract does not include a financing arrangement. In some of the Group’s 
markets parts of the settlement from the customer is through non-cash consideration, the 
non-cash consideration is recognised at fair value at the transaction date. Payment terms are 
ranging from a few days to a few weeks, varying from market to market.
New contracts are created for any modifications after installation, such as adding more panels 
or other hardware. This is invoiced and recognised in revenues separately.
Page 79 Annual Report 2024
Employee benefits
Current liabilities to employees, such as salary, 
are measured at an undiscounted basis and 
recognised in the period in which they are 
incurred. 
Pension contributions are paid into defined 
contribution pension plans and there are no 
outstanding pension liabilities at the time of the 
payments. Contributions made for the defined 
contribution pension plans are expensed in the 
period in which they are incurred.
Share-based payments
The fair value of options granted under the 
share-based payments programme is 
recognised as an employee benefit expense 
with a corresponding increase in equity and 
other current liabilities. 
The Group has share-based payment 
programs to management and employees. The 
Group is obliged to withhold and pay an 
amount, and report the full amount, to local tax 
authorities for the employee’s tax obligations 
associated with redemption of vested share 
options. In addition, the Group may be obliged 
to report and pay social security tax. These 
share-based payment programs, including tax, 
are considered as equity-settled share-based 
payments. In addition, the Group is obliged to 
make a provision for social security tax related 
to these programs, to be transferred to the tax 
authority, normally in cash. This part of the 
share-based payment arrangements is 
recognised as a cash-settled share-based 
payment. 
Equity-settled share-based payments are 
measured at fair value (excluding the effect of 
non-market-based vesting conditions) at the 
date of grant. The fair value determined at the 
grant date of the equity-settled share-based 
payments is expensed over the vesting period, 
based on the Group’s estimate of the shares 
that will eventually vest, adjusted for the effect 
of non-market based vesting conditions. 
Cash-settled share-based payments are 
measured at fair value of the liability. The 
liability is remeasured at each reporting date.
Revenue is recognised when the respective 
performance obligations in the contract are 
satisfied and payment remains probable. 
Revenue from sales of solar panels and 
batteries is recognised at the point in time when 
the installation is completed and the related 
significant risks and rewards of ownership is 
transferred to the customer. Revenue from the 
provision of services is generally recognised 
over time, when or as the Group performs the 
related service during the agreed service 
period.
When another party is involved in providing 
goods or services to a customer, the Group 
evaluates whether it has an obligation to 
provide the specified goods or services itself 
(i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange for 
those goods or services to be provided by the 
other party (i.e. the Group is an agent). Where 
the Group acts as a principal, the revenues are 
recognised on a gross basis with any related 
expenses charged as costs. Where the Group 
acts as an agent, the expenses are offset 
against the revenues and the resulting net 
revenues represent the margins or 
commissions earned for providing services in 
the capacity of an agent. Solar panel 
installations are performed by a significant 
number of partners registered on Otovo’s digital 
platform, though as it is the Group that has the 
primary responsibility for fulfilling the promise 
towards the customer revenues from 
installation of solar panels are recognised gross 
in the income statement. 
Page 80 Annual Report 2024
Financial income and expenses
Interest income or expense is recognised using 
the effective interest method. 
Income tax
Income tax expense includes taxes incurred 
during the year (tax payable) and changes in 
deferred tax and deferred tax assets.
Deferred income tax is calculated on all 
temporary differences between the carrying 
amounts for reporting purposes and the taxable 
value at the reporting date. The tax calculations 
are based on the nominal tax rate. Deferred tax 
assets arise when the temporary differences 
provide taxable deduction in the future, and the 
deduction is expected to be used. 
Deferred income tax asset and liability are offset 
when there is a legally enforceable right to 
offset, and is related to income taxes levied by 
the same taxation authority for the same 
taxable entity or separate taxable entities where 
the intention is to settle taxable positions on a 
net basis.
Tax payable and deferred tax/deferred tax 
assets are calculated at the tax rate based on 
the countries that Otovo is liable to pay tax.
Further details are included in note 9 Income tax.
Page 81 Annual Report 2024
Property, plant and equipment
The Group’s Property, plant and equipment consists primarily of solar panel installations and batteries 
used in the Group’s subscription business. Property, plant and equipment are presented in the 
statement of financial position at cost, less accumulated depreciation and write-downs. Property, 
plant and equipment acquired through business combinations are recognised at fair value on the 
date of acquisition. Material components of fixed assets with varying life expectancy are separately 
assessed in depreciation schedules. Straight line depreciation is used over the useful life of assets.
Acquisition costs include costs directly related to the purchase of fixed assets, including purchase 
price and costs directly related to development and preparation of the assets' intended use. 
Repair and maintenance are expensed as incurred. If new parts are capitalised, replaced parts are 
derecognised and any remaining net carrying amount is recognised in operating profit (loss) as loss 
on disposal.
An asset is derecognised at the point no future economic benefit can be identified. The subscription 
customer has the right to purchase solar panel installation and battery during the contract period at 
residual value. Gain or loss on sale of an asset is calculated as the difference between sales price and 
book value at the time of the sale. The gain is recognised under Other operating income while the loss 
is recognised under other operating expenses. 
The expected useful life and residual value, which are used in the depreciation calculation of tangible 
fixed assets, are reviewed, and if necessary, adjusted annually. 
Further details are included in note 10 Property, plant and equipment.
Leases (lessee)
The Group leases office buildings and smaller equipment. Rental contracts are typically made for 
fixed periods of 6 months and above, but may have extension or termination options. 
Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are initially recognised in the consolidated statement of 
financial position at present value of future lease payments. Lease payments are discounted with the 
Group's estimated incremental borrowing rate. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line 
basis from the time of recognition to the first of either end of useful life or end of lease term. Extension 
options, which are assessed as reasonably certain to be exercised, are included in the lease term. 
Lease payments are split into payment of principal and interest. Interest on lease liabilities in each 
accounting period during the lease period will be the amount which presents a constant periodic 
interest for the lease liability's outstanding balance (annuity principle). The interest expense is 
included in Financial expenses. 
Page 82 Annual Report 2024
Research and development costs
The development costs capitalised relate to the 
development of the software “Otovo Cloud”. The 
software is the platform used in the interface 
between the Group, its customers and potential 
customers, and installation partners. See further 
details in note 12.
Development expenditures are capitalised only 
when the criteria for recognition is met, i.e. that 
it is probable that the expected future 
economic benefits that are attributable to the 
asset will flow to the entity, management has 
committed itself to complete the asset, the 
technical feasibility of completing the asset has 
been demonstrated and the cost can be 
measured reliably. The assets are amortised 
over their expected useful life once the assets 
are available for use. Costs incurred during the 
research stage of a project, as well as 
maintenance and training costs are expensed 
as incurred. Development costs that do not 
meet the criteria for capitalisation are expensed 
as incurred.
Trade receivables
Trade receivables and other receivables are 
carried on the consolidated statement of 
financial position at amortised cost after 
deduction of provision for expected credit 
losses. The Group applies the simplified 
approach to measuring expected credit losses, 
which uses a lifetime expected credit loss 
allowance for all trade receivables.
Payments associated with short-term leases 
and all leases of low-value assets are 
recognised on a straight-line basis as other 
operating expenses in the Consolidated Income 
Statement. 
Right-of-use assets are presented separately in 
the consolidated statement of financial 
position, and lease liabilities are classified as 
either current or non-current. Next year's 
payment of principal is classified as current. 
In the statement of cash flows, payments on 
lease principal are included in financing 
activities and interest is operating activities. The 
transaction of entering into new lease 
agreements has no cash flow effect.
When the Group revises its estimate of the term 
of any lease (because, for example, it 
re-assesses the probability of a lessee 
extension or termination option being 
exercised), it adjusts the carrying amount of the 
lease liability to reflect the payments to make 
over the revised term, which are discounted 
using a revised discount rate. The carrying 
value of lease liabilities is similarly revised when 
the variable element of future lease payments 
dependent on a rate or index is revised, except 
the discount rate remains unchanged. In both 
cases an equivalent adjustment is made to the 
carrying value of the right-of-use asset, with the 
revised carrying amount being amortised over 
the remaining (revised) lease term. If the 
carrying amount of the right-of-use asset is 
adjusted to zero, any further reduction is 
recognised in profit or loss.
Intangible assets
Intangible assets are measured at cost less any 
accumulated amortisation or impairment 
losses. Intangible assets acquired through 
business combinations are measured at fair 
value at the acquisition date. Intangible assets 
with finite useful lives are amortised using the 
straight-line method over estimated useful 
lives. Intangible assets are derecognised on 
disposal, or when no future economic benefits 
are expected to be derived.
Page 83 Annual Report 2024
Bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and 
short-term deposits as well as immediately 
available balances with banks and similar 
institutions. Short-term deposits are easily and 
readily convertible to a known amount of cash 
and have a maturity of not more than three 
months.
Interest-bearing liabilities
Interest-bearing liabilities are initially 
recognised at fair value less transaction costs 
that are directly attributable to the financial 
liability.
After initial recognition, interest-bearing 
liabilities are measured at amortised cost using 
the effective interest-method.
Provisions
Provisions such as workforce reductions, 
onerous contracts and legal claims are 
recognised when the Group has a present legal 
or constructive obligation as a result of past 
events, it is probable that an outflow of 
resources will be required to settle the 
obligation, and the amount can be reliably 
estimated. Provisions are measured at 
management’s best estimate of the 
expenditure required to settle the obligation at 
the reporting date and are discounted to 
present value. 
Following the restructuring of the Group during 
2024, workforce reductions were required. At the 
end of 2024 there are still certain provisions 
recognised in the balance sheet related to this. 
The provisions are included in other current 
liabilities.
Warranty provisions
The Group provides warranties for general 
repairs of defects that existed at the time of 
sale, as required by law. For the direct sales of 
solar panel installations and batteries the 
warranty period is up to 10 years, varying from 
market to market. The Group has back to back 
warranties with hardware producers and 
installation partners, but is ultimately 
responsible for solving the problem in the event 
that hardware producers fail to replace the 
defect hardware, or installation partners fail to 
resolve issues related to the quality of the work 
performed on the installation. The Group is also 
responsible for covering the installation work 
related to replacing defect hardware. 
As the replacement cost is not expected to be 
significant and it is difficult to prepare a reliable 
estimate, including the percentage of defect 
hardware or installations with quality issues, the 
timing of the issue and the Group’s share of the 
expense, no accruals have been made. The 
Group’s share of repair and replacement costs 
will be expensed as they occur. 
For subscription customers there is formally no 
guarantee, but Otovo is responsible for ensuring 
that the system works throughout the contract 
period, which is 20 years for PVs and 10 years for 
batteries. The Group’s share of repair and 
replacement costs will be expensed as they 
occur. 
Trade payables and Other current liabilities
Trade payables and Other current liabilities are 
recognised when the counterparty has 
performed and there is a contractual obligation 
on the Group to pay, even if an invoice has not 
yet been received. 
Trade payables are recognised when an invoice 
has been received and approved. Trade 
payables and Other current liabilities are 
recognised initially at fair value and 
subsequently measured at amortised cost. The 
anticipated maturity of these payables is short, 
so their carrying values are not discounted.
Inventory
Inventories comprise solar panels, batteries and 
related products such as inverters. Purchases 
are made to reduce supply chain risk. Otovo 
Group does not hold work in progress, spare 
parts and raw materials. 
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and 
net realisable value, where the latter is the 
estimated selling price in the ordinary course of 
business less estimated completion and selling 
costs. Inventories are presented net of 
write-downs. Write-downs are recognised for 
the amount by which the carrying amount 
exceeds the net realisable value.
Cash flow statement
The cash flow statement has been prepared 
according to the indirect method.
Page 84 Annual Report 2024
The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgements 
and assumptions that can significantly affect the amounts recognised in the financial statements. 
Additionally, major sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period can have a 
significant risk of resulting in a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities in 
future periods. 
Key sources of estimation uncertainty and critical judgements are continually evaluated and 
updated based on expectations about future events that are believed by Management to be 
reasonable under the circumstances. 
When applying the Group’s accounting policies, Management has made the following judgments, 
which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial 
statements.
Areas where the use of assumptions and estimates are significant for the Group Accounts.
Impairment
The Group has made significant investments in property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and 
goodwill. Goodwill, intangible assets with indefinite useful life and intangible assets not yet in use are 
tested for impairment annually or more often if indicators of impairment exist, whereas other assets 
are tested for impairment when circumstances indicate there may be a potential impairment. 
Factors that indicate impairment which trigger impairment testing include the following: significant 
fall in market values; significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating 
results; significant changes in the use of the assets or the strategy for the overall business, including 
assets that are decided to be phased out or replaced and assets that are damaged or taken out of 
use; significant negative industry or economic trends; significant loss of market share; significant 
adverse political and/or regulatory development.
Note 3. Use of estimates and judgement
Page 85 Annual Report 2024
In accordance with IAS 36 Impairment of assets 
the recoverable amounts of assets and 
companies is the higher of value in use and fair 
value less cost of disposal. Value in use, 
particularly when discounted cash flow 
methods are used, involves management 
judgement. There is estimation uncertainty, 
complexity and subjectivity related to the value 
in use determination, including determining the 
discount rate, estimating future performance, 
revenue generating capacity of the assets, 
margins, political and regulatory risk, required 
maintenance capex, technological 
developments, and assumptions of the future 
market conditions. In some markets, certain 
expenses and capex are denominated in 
foreign currency and impacted by currency 
fluctuations. Recessionary effects and 
increased macroeconomic risks may impact 
the estimates of growth, future performance 
and discount rates used in estimating 
recoverable amounts of assets. Discount rates 
are impacted by several macroeconomic 
factors including borrowing rates, country risk, 
inflation assumptions and currency 
development. For assumptions used, external 
evidence has been taken into consideration. 
Refer to note 12 for further information about the 
assumptions used.
The future developments of EBITDA margins, 
invested capital and growth, are important in 
the Group’s impairment assessments, and the 
long-term estimates of EBITDA margins for each 
country are uncertain.
Share-based payments 
Estimating the fair value for share-based 
payment transactions requires judgement as to 
the use of the most appropriate valuation 
model, which depends on the terms and 
conditions of the option program agreements. 
Management has decided to use the 
BlackScholes option-pricing model. The 
estimate of the option’s fair value requires 
Management judgement related to the 
definition and estimation of the inputs to the 
option-pricing model, which include the 
expected life of the share option, as well as the 
estimated volatility of the underlying share 
price and determination of the risk free rate of 
return. The assumptions and model used for 
estimating the fair value for share based 
payments are discussed in more detail in note 6 
Employee benefits. 
Deferred tax assets 
Deferred tax assets are recognised for all 
unused tax losses to the extent that it is 
probable that taxable profit will be available 
against which the losses can be utilised. 
Significant management judgement is required 
to determine the amount of deferred tax assets 
that will be recognised, based upon the reliable 
evidence as to the estimated timing and 
amount of the future taxable profits. Further 
details are included in note 10 Income tax.
Page 86 Annual Report 2024
Capitalisation of internally generated intangible assets
A significant part of the Group’s intangible assets relates to software generated internally. Otovo's 
business model is based on the self-developed system Otovo Cloud and related applications such as 
software for extracting and reading production data from various solar cell hardware.
It may be challenging to assess whether an internally generated intangible asset qualifies for 
recognition, due to issues related to identifying whether and when the identifiable asset will generate 
expected future economic benefit and determining the costs of the asset reliably. In some cases, the 
cost of generating an intangible asset internally cannot be distinguished from the cost of maintaining 
the asset or from the running of the day to day operations.
Management has assessed the future benefits of the changes made to the asset during the year 
based on the Product road map for the year and related submitted time sheets. The assessment has 
also considered the actual impact of the added functionality for the users of the software. Based on 
this assessment the Management has split the associated costs on development and maintenance.
Refer to note 12 for further information about the software and the development in 2024.
Page 87 Annual Report 2024
Page 88 Annual Report 2024
Otovo ASA (the Company or Parent) and its subsidiaries (together the Group) operates an online marketplace for 
solar installations. 
On 29 November 2024, Otovo ASA purchased a portfolio of subscription customers in Austria from a reputable 
electricity provider through a wholly owned subsidiary. Otovo ASA purchased 100% of the shares in a special 
purpose vehicle that has leasing agreements with customers similar to those in EDEA's current portfolio. Refer to 
Note 22 for further information. 
In 2023, EDEA Midco AS sold 100% of the shares for their Norwegian and Swedish subscription portfolios, refer to 
Note 22 for additional information. 
As of year-end 2024 the Group consists of the subsidiaries presented in the table below.
Note 4. Subsidiaries and changes to the Group 
structure
Company Country Location Equity interests Reportable 
segment
Parent 
company
31 Dec
2024
31 Dec
2023
Otovo AB Sweden Stockholm 100% 100% Marketplace Otovo ASA
Otovo France 
SAS France Paris 100% 100% Marketplace Otovo ASA
Otovo Iberic SL Spain Madrid 100% 100% Marketplace Otovo ASA
Otovo Srl Italy Milan 100% 100% Marketplace Otovo ASA
Otovo Sp. Z.o.o Poland Warsaw 100% 100% Marketplace Otovo ASA
Otovo GmbH Germany Berlin 100% 100% Marketplace Otovo ASA
Otovo GmbH Austria Vienna 100% 100% Marketplace Otovo ASA
Otovo 
Unipessoal LDA Portugal Lisbon 100% 100% Marketplace Otovo ASA
Otovo Limited United 
Kingdom London 100% 100% Marketplace Otovo ASA
Otovo Schweiz 
GmbH Switzerland Zürich 100% 100% Marketplace Otovo ASA
Otovo B.V. Netherlands Amsterdam 100% 100% Marketplace Otovo ASA
Otovo BE B.V. Belgium Brussels 100% 100% Marketplace Otovo ASA
Otovo Shared 
Services SL Spain Madrid 100% 100% Marketplace Otovo ASA
European 
Distributed 
Energy Assets 
Midco AS
Norway Oslo 100 % 100 % Subscription Otovo ASA
Page 89 Annual Report 2024
Company Country Location Equity interests Reportable 
segment
Parent 
company
31 Dec
2024
31 Dec
2023
Edea Polska Sp. Z.o.o Poland Warsaw 100 % 100 % Subscription European Distributed Energy 
Assets Midco AS
Distributed Energy 
Assets SLU Spain Madrid 100 % 100 % Subscription European Distributed Energy Assets Midco AS
Distributed Energy 
Assets SARL France Paris 100 % 100 % Subscription European Distributed Energy Assets Midco AS
European Distributed 
Energy Assets GmbH Germany Berlin 100 % 100 % Subscription European Distributed Energy Assets Midco AS
EDEA GmbH Austria Vienna 100 % 100 % Subscription European Distributed Energy 
Assets Midco AS
Otovo Energy Assets 
Unipessoal LDA Portugal Lisbon 100 % 100 % Subscription European Distributed Energy Assets Midco AS
European Distributed 
Energy Assets Limited
United 
Kingdom London 100 % 100 % Subscription European Distributed Energy Assets Midco AS
European Distributed 
Energy Assets 
Switzerland
Switzerland Zürich 100 % 100 % Subscription European Distributed Energy 
Assets Midco AS
European Distributed 
Energy Assets B.V. Netherlands Amsterdam 100 % 100 % Subscription European Distributed Energy Assets Midco AS
European Distributed 
Energy Assets BE B.V. Belgium Brussels 100 % 100 % Subscription European Distributed Energy Assets Midco AS
EDEA II AB Sweden Stockholm 100% 0% Subscription European Distribution Energy 
Assets Midco AS
EDEA Europe AS Norway Oslo 100% 0% Subscription European Distribution Energy 
Assets Midco AS
EDEA Two GmbH Austria Vienna 100% 0% Subscription EDEA GmbH
Page 90 Annual Report 2024
Amounts in NOK thousand
Note 5. Reporting segment information and revenue
For Management purposes the Group is organized into two reporting segment. "Marketplace" and 
"Subscription SPV". The Executive Management monitors the operating results of these segments 
separately for the purposes of making decisions about resource allocation and performance 
assessment. 
The Marketplace segment consists of transactions relating to sale of solar panels and related 
products, while the Subscription segment consists of transactions related to customers subscribing 
to use solar panels and related products. Revenues and Cost of goods sold on sales to Group 
internal parties, using the assets in its subscription business, are eliminated in the Consolidated 
financial statements. Internal profits are eliminated against Property, plan and equipment, as the 
assets purchased by the Subscription segment are recognised in the balance sheet. 
Currently the subscription period for solar panels is 20 years while it is 10 years for batteries. 
Subscription for solar panel installations are classified as service agreements, while subscription 
contracts for batteries are classified either as operating leases or finance leases. Refer to note 2 and 
20 for further information.
The segment reporting is presented in the same manner as presented to the Executive 
Management.
The following changes in presentation have been implemented for FY 2023 financial information, 
compared to the presentation in the annual consolidated financial statements for 2023
- Finance lease revenues, included in Revenues in FY 2023, is presented separately in the 
Consolidated income statement
- Gain on disposal of subsidiary is reclassified from Other operating income and presented 
separately in Other Income
Page 91 Annual Report 2024
Information regarding reporting segments in the Group
(NOK 000')
Marketplace Subscription SPV Elimination Group total
2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023
Revenue & Finance 
lease revenue 565 612 996 209 20 067 14 341 - - 585 679 1 010 550
Revenue internal 166 549 376 880 - - - 166 549 - 376 880 - -
Other operating income 5 515 5 814 57 779 38 285 - - 63 294 44 099
Other operating income 
internal 5 752 5 279 1 564 1 002 - 7 316 - 6 281 - -
Other income - - 8 025 37 925 - - 8 025 37 925
Total operating income 743 428 1 384 182 87 435 91 553 -173 865 - 383 161 656 998 1 092 574
Cost of materials and 
installation services 581 146 1 163 605 15 605 12 048 - 142 384 - 366 003 454 367 809 649
Payroll and related 
costs
292 635 346 924 2 004 251 - 97 294 639 347 272
Depreciation, 
amortisation and 
impairment
37 205 31 132 27 484 22 722 -1 606 21 346 63 083 75 200
Other operating 
expenses
212 296 238 955 20 035 26 706 - 7 414 - 5 756 224 917 259 904
Operating profit/(loss) - 379 854 - 396 432 22 307 29 826 - 22 461 - 32 845 - 380 008 - 399 451
Disaggregation of Total revenue and income
The reported Revenue & Finance lease revenue is stemming from contracts with customers for their 
purchase of solar panels and batteries, including service and interest income on the financial 
leases. The majority of the Revenue & Finance lease revenue is related to installations completed 
during the year and the consideration recognised at the inception of the lease. The reported Other 
operating income is primarily stemming from contracts with customer for their use of solar panels 
and batteries held by the Group, as reported in the subscription segment. The reported Other 
income is stemming from non-recurring gains relating to divestment and acquisition of 
subscription portfolios. 
Total operating income from external customers is NOK 657 million, while it is NOK 174 million on 
intersegment sales. Intersegment sales is primarily sale of solar panels and related products from 
the Marketplace segment to the Subscription segment.
Revenue external by product / service 2024 2023
Solar panels and related products1) 565 612 996 209
Finance lease 20 067 14 341
Operating lease and service agreements1) 2) 57 779 38 285
Other operating income 5 515 5 814
Other income 8 025 37 925
Total operating income 656 998 1 092 574
1) Of which are revenues from contracts with customers 621 598 1 033 306
2) Of which are revenues from operating leases 1 793 1 188
Page 92 Annual Report 2024
Geographical distribution of external revenues based on customer location
Geographical information 2024 2023
North1
184 281 464 092
DACH + Italy2 336 667 415 475
Benefrux378 770 120 115
Atlantic457 280 92 891
Total revenue and other income 656 998 1 092 574
1) Norway, Sweden and Poland, of which Norway is 44 884 (2024) and 213 172 (2023)
2) Italy, Germany, Switzerland and Austria
3) France, the Netherlands and Belgium
4) Spain, Portugal and the UK
Assets by geographical location of the Company
Geographical information 2024 2023
North1
171 940 157 454
DACH + Italy2280 889 154 224
Benefrux3201 867 167 962
Atlantic4170 572 144 007
Total non-current assets 825 268 623 650
Page 93 Annual Report 2024
Specification of payroll and related cost 2024 2023
Salary/wages 233 090 278 612 
Employee tax 50 670 53 609 
Pension costs 5 879 8 598 
Other personnel costs 5 000 6 453 
Total payroll expense 294 639 347 272
Full time equivalents 2024 2023
Male 125 218
Female 113 165
Total 238 383
Percentage female employees 47% 43%
2024 Salary Bonus Pension Sharebased Other Total
CEO 3 002 750 121 660 11 4 544 
Other members of 
Executive Management
 11 737 2 746 616 668 3 213 18 998 
Board members - - - - 1 583 1 583
Total remuneration 14 739 3 514 738 1 328 4 807 25 125
2023 Salary Bonus Pension Sharebased Other Total
CEO 2 581 263 125 - 8 2 977 
Other members of 
Executive Management
 11 680 2 013 657 - 2 442 16 792 
Board members - - - - 1 270 1 270 
Total remuneration 14 261 2 276 782 - 3 720 21 039
Note 6. Employee benefits
Amounts in NOK thousand
Remuneration to CEO, Executive Management and board members 
Page 94 Annual Report 2024
Name Role Shares Share 
options
Perform.
shares
Retention 
shares
Total 
31.12.2023
Andreas Thorsheim CEO 8 664 610 3 000 000 - - 11 664 610
Other members for Group 
Management
Management 2 858 797 2 883 334 - 42.735 5 784 866
Josefin Christina Landgård Board member 91 583 - - - 91 583
Zoë Wyon Board member 14 326 - - - 14 326
Salary to CEO and other members of Group Management
The accumulated remuneration to the CEO and other members of Group Management consists of 
a fixed salary, standard pension- and insurance terms for employees and a variable salary. 
Additionally, the Group Management has received share-based payments. The main purpose of 
the system for management remuneration is to stimulate a strong and lasting profit oriented 
culture leading to an increasing value of the Company. Other members of Group Management 
consist of 8 persons, included in the table above with the remuneration for the period they were 
members of Group Management. The management team, excluding CEO, has on average 
consisted of 6 persons in 2024 and 2023. 
One of the members of Group Management was an external consultant from September 2023 until 
he was employed in August 2024, his compensation for the period up until he was employed has 
been included in "Other". Additionally, "Other" includes severance payments to a former member of 
Group Management in 2024, and compensation for parental leave in 2023.
The CEO has 6 months notice period and is entitled to severance pay equal to six months salary in 
case of termination. 
The Group Management are members of a collective pension and insurance scheme applicable to 
all employees in the country of employment.
For more information about remuneration to Group Management, refer to the Remuneration report.
Loans to employees and board members
A former member of Group Management was granted a loan in a prior year. The loan was repaid 
during 2024. No guarantees have been given to members of the Management, the Board of 
Directors or other elected corporate bodies.
Pension costs and obligations
The Group has a defined contribution plan for some of its employees. The Group’s payments are 
recognized in the profit or loss as an employee benefit expenses for the year to which the 
contribution applies. The Company has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further 
contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to 
employee service in the current and prior periods, and therefore does not record a pension liability 
in the balance sheet.
The pension schemes of the Norwegian companies in the Group follow the requirements in the Act 
on Mandatory company pension.
Shares, shares options, performance shares and retention shares held by CEO, other members of 
Group Management and Board of Directors, or by an entity controlled by these
Page 95 Annual Report 2024
Share-based payments
The Group has in place share option programmes where the employees have been granted
options at the strike price in accordance with the market price at the time of issuance. The
programs includes both existing and new employees who are awarded options based on an
allocation into defined tiers proposed by Management and approved by the Board of Directors. The
options vest with ⅓ each year the three years after the issuance. In December 2023 Otovo granted
share options to management and key personnel and cancelled old option programs. The new
grant is recognised at its grant-date fair value and the original grant is accounted for as a
cancellation. The cancellation is accounted for as an acceleration of the vesting period and any
amount unrecognised that would otherwise have been recognised was recognised immediately as
an expense. The expense related to the cancellation was NOK 17.4 million. In December 2024 Otovo
bught back options that vested on 1 January 2024, or will west on 1 January 2025. The buy back was
at fair value of the instrument and has been accounted for as repurchase of equity interest. The
repurchase amounts to NOK 2.3 million, including social security. The cancelled and repurchased
options are included in "Options forfeited" in the below overview of outstanding options.
Furthermore, a share purchase programme was established by the Group in 2020 where the
participants subscribe to new shares as an initial investment, and receive performance shares after
two years if the share price has doubled and retention shares after three and four years
respectively if they are still employed with the Group. The share purchase program is discontinued,
but there are still outstanding retention shares.
Expenses related to share-based payments included in total payroll expense 2024 2023
Share-based payments 12 172 47 629 
Social security contribution -178 -1 309 
Total expenses related to share-based payments 11 993 46 320
Shares, shares options, performance shares and retention shares held by entities which have 
representation in the Board of Directors
Name Shares
Å Energi Invest AS 87 732 581 
Axel Johnson AB 68 686 696 
Page 96 Annual Report 2024
Overview of outstanding options (after share split) 2024 2023
Outstanding options 1 January 27 573 334 4 740 007
Options granted 160 000 32 396 000 
Options exercised - -23 340 
Options forfeited -20 417 660 -9 539 333 
Outstanding options 31 December 7 315 674 27 573 334
Of which exercisable - - 
Average share price at grant date (NOK per share) 3,45 3,55
Weighted average remaining contractual life of outstanding options 
(years)
1,51 2,5
Overview of outstanding performance and retention shares 2024 2023
Outstanding shares 1 January 1 073 930 1 417 762
Shares granted - -
Shares released -944 115 -
Shares forfeited -59 302 -343,832
Outstanding shares 31 December 70 513 1,073,930
Performance shares 31 December - -
Retention shares 31 December 70 513 1,073,930
Total 70 513 1,073,930
Weighted average remaining contractual life of performance shares - -
Weighted average remaining contractual life of retention shares 1.33 1.5
Page 97 Annual Report 2024
2024 2023
Other expenses related to buildings and short-term/low value rent of equipment 8 703 14 427
External personnel and consultancy fees 1 59 057 79 592
Media spend, advertising and partnerships 116 810 121 504
System and software 19 643 18 321
Other operating expenses220 704 26 060
Total other operating expenses 224 917 259 904
1) Including audit fee, see specification below
2) Including fees for Board Insurance with AIG. This policy provides coverage of NOK 150 million for each individual instance of a 
claim, with an accumulated limit of NOK 150 million for the entire year.
Specification of audit fees
The table below summarises audit fees, fees for further assurance services and tax services 
incurred by the Group during 2024 and 2023 from BDO. Fees include all companies in the Group.
2024 2023
Audit fees 2 061 2 717 
Fees for further assurance services 123 178 
Fees for other services 57 54 
Fees for tax services - - 
Total fees to auditors 2 241 2 949 
The amounts in the tables for audit fees are the amounts expensed in 2024 and 2023. Amounts 
presented exclude VAT.
Note 7. Other operating expenses
Amounts in NOK thousand
In FY 2024 , the Group has changed the presentation of costs associated with lead purchases and 
referrals to Media Spend, advertising, and partnerships. Previously, these costs were included in 
Other operating expenses. The 2023 numbers in this note have been adjusted accordingly.
Page 98 Annual Report 2024
Interest expenses relating to leasing agreements are included in the below and specified in note 11. 
The increase in interest income from 2023 to 2024 is related to cash balance from capital increases 
in 2024. The increase in interest expense is related to debt financing of new subscription assets, net 
of the effects from repayments in the end of 2023 related to the divestment of Swedish and 
Norwegian subscription assets. Refer to note 22 for more information. Interest expenses includes 
commitment fees and amortisation of arrangement fees relating to the debt facility for financing of 
subscription assets. Refer to note 15 for more information about the facility. 
The increase in net currency gain is primarily attributable to internal loans denominated in EUR, 
resulting from the strengthening of EUR compared to NOK, partially netted by external financing in 
EUR.
Gains/(losses) on disposal of investment in associated company in 2023 is related to the sale of 
Otovo’s stake in the Brazilian solar platform Holu. Holu was established as a joint venture with Gera 
in 2019 where Otovo owned 34%. The sale resulted in a gain of NOK 13.8 million and a positive cash 
effect of NOK 23.5 million.
Specification of financial income 2024 2023
Interest income 8 423 4 309
Net exchange gain 33 109 20 587
Other financial income 149 178
Total financial income 41 681 25 074
Specification of financial expenses 2024 2023
Interest expenses 35 115 28 846
Net exchange gain - -
Other financial expenses 770 387
Total financial expenses 35 885 29 234
Note 8. Net financial items
Amounts in NOK thousand
Page 99 Annual Report 2024
Income tax expense in the consolidated statement of income 2024 2023
Income tax payable - -
Changes in deferred tax / deferred tax asset -57 -5 047
Tax assets not recognised in previous year 355 -
Total income tax expense reported in the income statement 298 −5 047
Reconciliation from nominal to effective tax rate 2024 2023
Profit/(loss) before tax -374 212 -389 820
Estimated tax expense with nominal tax rate, 22% of profit/(loss) before 
tax
-82 327 -85 760
Tax effect of the following items:
22% of net permanent differences 2 871 2 492
Other items -15 483 -6 304
Deferred tax asset not recognised current year 95 237 84 525
Total income tax expense reported in the income statement 298 -5 047
Effective tax rate 0.1% 1.3%
Note 9. Income tax
Amounts in NOK thousand
The nominal tax rate in Norway was 22 % in 2023 and 2024. Subsidiaries outside Norway are 
subject to local tax rates in their country of operation. 
The tax expense is also dependent on whether or not to recognise a deferred tax asset from 
carry forward losses in the individual entity. 
As of year-end 2024 none of the Group entities are in a position to recognize a deferred tax asset.
Page 100 Annual Report 2024
Specifications of temporary differences on wich deferred tax 
is recognised
2024 2023
Intangible assets -914 -1 695
Right of use assets –1 298 -3 067
Trade receivables 213 192
Provisions 3 818 7 540
Deferred gains / losses 209 -253
Lease liabilities 1 282 3 313
Loss carried forward 312 176 214 163
Not recognised deferred tax –317 539 -222 303
Total -2 052 -2 109
Changes in deferred tax 2024 2023
Opening balance at 1 January -2 109 -9 607
Recognised in current year's profit 57 5 047
Deferred tax on disposals - 2 451
Balance at 31 December -2 052 -2 109
The majority of tax losses carried forward relate to entities domiciled in countries where there 
are no time-limits related to when the tax losses may be utilized.
The deferred tax liability is related to the excess values from the acquisition of EDEA, that the 
Group has not been able to net against other temporary differences.
Page 101 Annual Report 2024
Equipment 
and
machinery
Solar panels Batteries Total
Accumulated cost
As of 1 January 2023 6 107 200 897 4 342 211 346
Additions during the year 2 281 339 609 27 559 369 449
Additions through acquisition of subsidiaries - - - -
Disposals - -217 731 -488 -218 220
Translation differences 105 4 024 392 4 520 
As of 31 December 2023 8 493 326 799 31 804 367 095 
Additions during the year 360 112 559 14 237 127 157
Additions through acquisition of subsidiaries - 56 558 - 56 558
Disposals -1 603 -9 270 -1 600 - 12 473
Translation differences 432 23 603 1 908 25 943
As of 31 December 2024 7 682 510 249 46 349 564 280
Accumulated depreciation and impairment losses
As of 1 January 2023 -3 349 -7 406 -100 -10 855
Depreciation -1 780 -18 402 -1 613 -21 795
Impairment - -1 207 - -1 207
Accumulated depreciation disposals - 10 430 - 29 10 401 
Translation difference 130 157 181 468 
As of 31 December 2023 -4 999 -16 428 -1 561 -22 988
Depreciation -1 219 -19 861 -4 162 -25 242
Impairment -900 -1 820 - -2 720
Disposals 1 453 581 146 2 180
Translation difference -185 -823 -78 -1 086
As of 31 December 2024 -5 850 -38 350 -5 655 -49 855
Carrying amount
As of 31 December 2023 3 494 310 371 30 243 344 108 
As of 31 December 2024 1 832 471 899 40 694 514 425
Depreciation method Straight line Straight line Straight line
Useful life 3-10 years 20 years 10 years
Note 10. Property, plant and equipment
Amounts in NOK thousand
The significant amount on disposals in 2023 is related with the EDEA transaction, where Otovo 
sold Norwegian and Swedish subscription portfolios. Refer to note 24 for more information.
Page 102 Annual Report 2024
The Group’s lease agreements, where the Group is a lessee, mainly relates to the lease of office 
premises. Refer to note 8 for further details about expenses relating to short-term and low value 
leases.
Overview of changes to right of use assets 2024 2023
Opening balance 1 January 13 939 14 317 
Depreciation -8 151 -7 702
Additions 5 427 7 654 
Disposals -5 316 -
Other / exchanges differences -1 -330
Balance per 31 December 5 898 13 939 
Overview of changes to lease liabilities 2024 2023
Opening balance 1 January 15 058 14 877
Payments -8 595 -7 247
Additions 5 427 7 654 
Disposals -6 064 -
Other / exchanges differences 1 227
Balance per 31 December 5 826 15 058 
Lease liabilities non-current 3 449 6 696 
Lease liabilities current 2 377 8 362 
Total 5 826 15 058 
Note 11. Leases
Amounts in NOK thousand
Page 103 Annual Report 2024
Maturity analysis: contractual, undiscounted cash flows
31 December 2024 31 December 2023
Current liabilities
Less than one year 2 909 9 534 
Non-current liabilities
One to five years 3 872 7 229 
More than five years - -
Total 6 780 16 763 
Amounts recognized in the consolidated statement of income
2024 2023
Depreciation 8 151 7 702 
Interest expense 612 823 
Total 8 763 8 525 
Amounts recognized in statement of cash flows
 2024 2023
Interest payments 612 823 
Payments of principal 8 595 7 247 
Total lease payments 9 207 8 070 
Page 104 Annual Report 2024
Goodwill Otovo Cloud
Other 
intangible
assets
Exclusivity 
agreement
Customer 
contracts Total
Accumulated cost
As of 1 January 2023 158 181 92 181 3 967 59 675 21 440 335 442
Additions during the year - 36 187 516 - - 36 703
Additions through 
acquisition of subsidiaries
- - - - - -
Disposals - - -7 -59 675 -11 577 -71 259
Translation difference 6 430 - -57 - - 6 373
As of 31 December 2023 164 611 128 368 4 418 - 9 863 307 260
Additions during the year - 28 557 - - - 28 557
Additions through 
acquisition of subsidiaries
- - - - 5 274 5 274
Disposals - - -77 - - -77
Translation difference 4 944 - - - - 4 944
As of 31 December 2024 169 555 156 925 4 342 - 15 137 345 958
Accumulated amortisation and impairment losses
As of 1 January 2023 - -36 095 -921 -37 187 -257 -74 460
Amortisation - -20 772 -928 -22 488 -257 -44 445
Impairment - - - - - -
Accumulated depreciation 
disposals - - 4 59 675 240 59 919
Translation difference - - -6 - - -6
As of 31 December 2023 - -56,867 -1,851 - -275 -58,992
Amortisation - -25 828 -917 - -257 -27 002
Impairment - - - - - -
Accumulated depreciation 
disposals - - 42 - - 42
Translation difference - - - - - -
As of 31 December 2024 - -82 695 -2 726 - -532 -85 953
Carrying amount
As of 31 December 2023 164 611 71 501 2 567 - 9 588 248 267
As of 31 December 2024 169 555 74 230 1 616 - 14 605 260 006
Depreciation method - Straight line Straight line Straight line Straight line
Useful life Indefinite 5 years 5 years 2 years 20 years
Note 12. Intangible assets and goodwill
Amounts in NOK thousand
Page 105 Annual Report 2024
Otovo Cloud
Otovo's business model is fundamentally digital and software-driven. Central to this architecture is 
Otovo Cloud, a proprietary platform developed in-house, which integrates seamlessly with 
complementary applications. These include software designed to collect and analyze production 
data from various solar hardware, as well as systems for streamlined financial management and 
reporting, as well as end-customer interactions. 
Otovo Cloud is tailored to Otovo's marketplace business model and supports the Company's value 
chain from sales (compilation of map data, building data, solar radiation data and algorithmic 
bidding on solar cell projects) to planning (obtaining cost models from installers, choosing an 
installer and awarding projects), follow-up and invoicing of the project (monitoring progress, 
obtaining documentation of the work performed and generating sales orders that will be sent to 
the Group ERP as basis for invoicing). Post installation and invoicing, Otovo Cloud continues to 
create value for the customer through collecting, compiling and presenting production data from 
inverters. 
Additional to maintaining the software, significant development work has been carried out to 
adapt the software and integrations to handle the variation in input and requirements that exist 
across the Company's current and potential new markets and products, as well as adding new 
functionality facilitating for efficient internal processes through standardization and automation. A 
significant part of the Group's future value creation is expected to come as a result of the 
functionality currently available and further development.
The software is scalable and is used across the markets in which the Group operates. 
Development and maintenance of the Otovo Cloud is handled by the Product team in Otovo. Direct 
payroll expenses relating to the Product team are split into development and maintenance, with 
payroll expenses relating to development being capitalised as an intangible asset and amortised.
Key developments in 2024 largely focused on enhancing the Otovo Cloud platform's capabilities to 
better support the sales process. Notable improvements include functionalities enabling the 
introduction of a field-sales approach and standardization of the sales workflow across Otovo’s 
markets, resulting amongst others in higher conversion rates. Additionally, significant 
advancements were made to the core marketplace functionality, extending Otovo Cloud's 
capacity beyond traditional solar panel products to accommodate new SKUs such as batteries, EV 
chargers, heat pumps, and home energy management systems. These enhancements 
substantially improved the platform's user interface (UI) and user experience (UX) for customers.
The useful life of the asset and related amortisation expenses are based on management’s 
estimates and the chosen amortisation method. Estimates may change due to technological 
developments and other factors and may result in changes in the estimated useful life and in the 
amortisation or depreciation charges. Technological developments are difficult to predict and the 
Group’s views on the trends and pace of development may change over time. The useful lives are 
reviewed at least annually taking into consideration the factors mentioned above and all other 
important relevant factors.
Goodwill
The goodwill stems from acquisition of subsidiary ISWT (now Otovo France) in 2019 and EDEA 
(subscription business) in 2021. The goodwill from both the ISWT purchase and the EDEA acquisition 
have been tested for impairment. Please refer to the below for further details.
The goodwill is split as follows
Company name Allocated goodwill
2024 2023
ISWT 103 685 98 741 
EDEA 65 870 65 870 
Total 169 555 164 611 
Page 106 Annual Report 2024
Impairment testing
ISWT
The Group conducts an annual impairment test to assess whether goodwill has suffered any 
impairment. The subsidiary ISWT is treated as a separate cash-generating unit (CGU), while 
goodwill from the EDEA acquisition is tested at the EDEA Group CGU level. The impairment 
assessment is performed at the CGU level, and the calculated present values of free cash flows 
from existing assets exceed their respective carrying amounts. As a result, no impairment of 
goodwill has been identified.
The calculation is based on pre-tax cash flow projections derived from the financial budget 
approved by the Board of Directors and expected market developments. The growth rate in the 
explicit forecast is reduced from last year to reflect observed market development over the last 
year. Beyond the 5-years period, we have applied a steady growth rate of 3% to calculate the 
terminal value using the Gordon Growth Model. The change from the 2% used in 2023 to 3% used in 
2024 is based on an analysis of the implied growth rate derived from the valuation of marketplace 
businesses with similar characteristics to Otovo. The 3% growth rate reflects a balanced approach, 
considering both strong near-term growth projections and IAS 36.33(c) guidance, which calls for a 
steady or declining rate beyond that period. This conservative estimate ensures long-term 
sustainability while accounting for potential market fluctuations and competitive dynamics, as 
outlined in IAS 36.37. The change in average gross margin is based on the achieved gross margin 
in the transaction with Swiss Life Asset Managers that was announced in October 2024. The 
reduction in discount rate is reflecting the reduction in long term interest rates seen in 2024.
ISWT
2024 2023
Long term growth rate (%) 3% 2%
Long term gross margin (%) 31% 25%
Average annual growth rate used in cash flow projections (%) 9% 35%
Discount rate pre tax (%) 13% 14.1%
The Group assessed the impact of changes in key variables within the valuation model on 
impairment. Given the increased focus on subscriptions in 2024, Management conducted a 
sensitivity analysis for ISWT on compounded growth combined with gross margin across various 
scenarios, recognizing that subscription revenue and margins are higher than those of direct sales:
● A 1 percentage point change in the gross margin impacts the net present value of future 
cash flows by approximately ±10%. Should gross margins be reduced with more than 4 
percentage points the carrying value would exceed the value of future cash flows
● A 1 percentage point reduction of while a similar change in the growth rate affects it by 
around ±4%. Should growth rates be reduced with more than 5 p.p. the carrying value 
would exceed the value of future cash flows. 
Additionally, a 1 percentage point change in the discount rate results in a ±12% shift in net present 
value, with headroom remaining positive in all scenarios.
EDEA
For EDEA, projections are based on expected pre-tax cash flows over the contract lifetime for 
subscription contracts active at the end of the reporting period. It is assumed that 90% of 
customers will extend their contracts for an additional five years at 50% of the original contractual 
amount. Extensions occur when customers choose to continue subscribing beyond the initial term, 
generating additional cash flow. Subscription fees are adjusted annually for inflation. The 
assumptions and enterprise value are supported by recent agreements with Swiss Life Asset 
Managers for the sale of Scandinavian and Continental subscription assets (refer to note 22 and 
24 for further information), which reduce uncertainty.
Page 107 Annual Report 2024
EDEA
2024 2023
Long term growth rate (%) 0% 0%
Average annual growth rate used in cash flow projections (%) 2% 2%
IRR (%) 12% 11.4%
Discount rate pre tax (%) 7.8% 8.1%
The goodwill from the EDEA acquisition retains significant headroom. To simplify, a long-term 
growth rate of 0% is assumed, reflecting no further deployments beyond 2024. The discount rate is 
based on the continental portfolio sale transaction announced in February 2025. Refer to note 24 
for further information. A 1 percentage point change in the discount rate would impact the net 
present value of future cash flows by approximately ±8%.
Page 108 Annual Report 2024
Trade receivables at 31 December - ageing 31 Dec 2024 31 Dec 2023
Not due 10 259 14 762 
1–30 days past due 9 935 16 117 
31–60 days past due 3 456 1 422 
61–90 days past due 3 102 5 998 
More than 90 days past due 25 445 10 718 
Total trade receivables 52 197 49 017
31 Dec 2024 31 Dec 2023
Trade receivables 52 197 49 017
Provision for bad debt -6 719 -2 821
Total trade receivables 45 478 46 196
Trade receivables denominated in currency 31 Dec 2024 31 Dec 2023
NOK 5 524 4 055
SEK 6 183 7 556
EUR 31 245 25 231
PLN 3 610 2 456
CHF 5 045 8 960
GBP 590 758 
Total trade receivables 52 197 49 017
Note 13. Trade receivables
Amounts in NOK thousand
For the trade receivables that are not impaired or past due, there are no indicators at the date of 
the reporting that the debtors will not be able to meet their payment obligations. Expected losses 
for trade receivables past due are estimated based on payment history, the cause of the default, 
the collection methods available in the applicable markets and other relevant information. 
The increase in bad debt provision during the year is driven by: 
● Increase in provision for recharges to installers that it has been challenging to collect
● Increase in provision for buy outs and terminations in the subscription segment
Refer to note 18 for further information about the Group's assessment of credit risk.
Page 109 Annual Report 2024
Current receivables
31 Dec 2024 31 Dec 2023
Subsidy related receivables 9 627 14 349 
VAT receivables 19 537 33 528 
Prepaid expenses 6 172 17 524 
Earned not invoiced revenue 10 333 16 349
Other receivables 12 282 21 569
Total other receivables and prepayments 57 951 103 319 
Subsidy related receivables are related to subsidy programs in Sweden and Italy where parts of the 
consideration from the customer was settled non-cash in the form of tax credit receivables.
The reduction in prepaid expenses is primarily explained by arrangement fees incurred in NOK at 
the establishment of the Group's loan facility. Arrangement fees, net of amortisation, were included 
in Total other receivables and prepayments at 31 December 2023, but are netted in Interest-bearing 
liabilities at 31.12.24, refer to note 16.
Note 14. Other receivables and prepayments
Amounts in NOK thousand
Page 110 Annual Report 2024
At the end of the year the Group has 3 loans from Banque Publique d'Investissement (BPI) and a 
debt facility from DNB Bank ASA and Sparebank 1 SR-bank ASA. The facility, obtained in January 
2023, is a EUR 50 million revolving credit facility to finance the subscription assets. The facility is 
priced based on a floating interest rate, with EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR, or other relevant IBOR as the 
reference rate based on the the loan currency, and a margin of 325 bps. Total outstanding amount 
at 31 December 2024 was NOK 458 million. Arrangement fees incurred in NOK at the establishment 
of the facility are netted with the loan drawdown and amortised over the loan period. 
In addition to this the Group has lease liabilities relating to office premises. Refer to note 11 for 
further details about the lease liabilities.
 At 31 Dec 2024 Curr
ency
Interest rate Maturity
Outstanding nominal value
(Currency) (NOK)
BPI 1 EUR 5.27% April 2025 10 118
BPI 2 EUR 1.25% September 2025 32 377
BPI 3 EUR 2.81% March 2027 275 3 242
DNB Bank ASA and 
Sparebank 1 SR-bank ASA EUR EURIBOR + 3.25% January 2027 39 784 468 995
Total 472 732
Non-current Current
Interest-bearing liabilities 31 Dec 2024 31 Dec 2023 31 Dec 2024 31 Dec 2023
Borrowings from credit institutions 470 763 235 431 1 969 2 077
Total interest-bearing liabilities 470 763 235 431 1 969 2 077
Note 15. Interest-bearing liabilities
Amounts in NOK thousand
Page 111 Annual Report 2024
Interest-bearing liabilities - maturity 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 Total
Borrowings from credit institutions 1 969 1 474 469 289 - - - 472 732 
Total interest-bearing liabilities excl. prepaid 
borrowing expenses 1 969 1 474 469 289 - - - 472 732 
Interest to be paid on interest-bearing liabilities 27 976 27 976 1 865 - - - 57 816 
Total interest payments 27 976 27 976 1 865 - - - 57 816
Total future payments on interest-bearing liabilities 29 945 29 450 471 154 - - - 530 548
31 December 2024 31 December 2023
Interest-bearing liabilities by currency Currency 
amount
NOK 
amount
Currency 
amount
NOK 
amount
EUR 40 101 472 732 21 153 237 508
Total interest-bearing liabilities 40 101 472 732 21 153 237 508
Interest-bearing liabilities - maturity 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Total
Borrowings from credit institutions 2 077 233 748 1 123 561 - - 237 509 
Total interest-bearing liabilities excl. prepaid 
borrowing expenses 2 077 233 748 1 123 561 - - 237 509 
Interest to be paid on interest-bearing liabilities 17 292 1 481 16 - - - 18 789 
Total interest payments 17 292 1 481 16 - - - 18 789 
Total future payments on interest-bearing liabilities 19 369 235 229 1 139 561 - - 256 298 
Financial Covenants
The debt facility held with DNB Bank ASA and Sparebank1 SR-Bank ASA contains financial 
covenants. The Group conducts a quarterly assessment of its compliance with financial covenants 
associated with outstanding debt. These covenants require the maintenance of a loan-to-value 
ratio not exceeding 80%, an interest coverage ratio of at least 1.4, and an equity ratio of no less 
than 30%. The covenants are measured at EDEA Midco subgroup. As of 31 December 2024, the 
Group is in full compliance with all applicable financial covenants. 
Change of Control
In addition to the financial covenants, the debt facility agreement with DNB Bank ASA and 
Sparebank1 SR-Bank ASA contains a change of control clause. The clause will be triggered if 1) 
there is a change of control in Otovo ASA, or 2) Otovo ceases to own and control directly all of the 
shares ad voting right in EDEA Midco, or 3) EDEA Midco ceases to own and control directly all of the 
share and voting rights in each of its subsidiaries. Following the successful sale of Scandinavian 
subscription assets in late 2023 the Group's started the process to sell its continental subscription 
assets during 2024. In February 2025 Otovo signed an agreement with Swiss Life Asset Managers to 
sell these assets. Parts of the consideration will be used to repay debt. Refer to note 24 for further 
details about the transaction.
Security and Guarantees
The debt facility held with DNB Bank ASA and Sparebank1 SR-Bank ASA is secured by all 
outstanding shares in EDEA Midco and it subsidiaries, intra-group loans and credit, trade 
receivables, inventory and operating assets, all bank accounts, and guarantees provided by the 
Guarantors. 
Page 112 Annual Report 2024
31 Dec 2024 31 Dec 2023
Total cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial 
position and in the statement of cash flow
 183 109 582 707 
Restricted deposits related to employee tax deduction 3 095 4 674
Restricted deposits related to escrow 0 7 566
Total cash and cash equivalents net of restricted deposits 180 014 570 468
Reconciliation of 
Interest-bearing 
liabilities
2024 2023
Interestbearing 
liabilities
Lease 
liabilities Total
Interestbearing 
liabilities
Lease 
liabilities Total
Balance as of 1 January 237 473 15 511 252 984 135 136 14 877 150 013
Cash flow from Financing activities
Proceeds from borrowings 222 581 - 222 581 423 293 - 423 293
Repayments of borrowings -1 758 - -1 758 -345 660 - -345 660
Payments of lease liabilities - -8 595 -8 595 - - 7 247 -7 247
Net cash flow from financing 
activities 220 823 -8 595 212 228 77 633 -7 247 70 386
FX Rate effects 14 461 1 14 462 11 696 227 11 469
New lease contracts - 5 427 5 427 - 7 654 7 654
Disposal of Lease Liability -6 064 - 6 064
Arrangement fees -10 577 - -10 577 13 008 - 13 008
Other changes 3 884 -637 3 248 24 704 7 881 32 131
Balance as of 31 December 462 180 6 280 468 460 237 473 15 511 252 531
Non-current liabilities 470,763 3,449 474,212 235 431 6 696 242 127
Current liabilities 1,969 2,377 4,346 2 077 8 362 10 439
Note 16. Cash and cash equivalents
Amounts in NOK thousand
Cash flow from interest-bearing liabilities
Cash flow from financing activities consists of proceeds and repayments of borrowings. 
In 2024 the proceeds relate to a debt facility with DNB Bank ASA and Sparebank 1 SR-bank ASA. The 
facility, obtained in January 2023, is a EUR 50 million revolving credit facility to finance the 
subscription assets. The repayments of borrowings relate to loans from Banque Publique 
d'Investissement (BPI).
Page 113 Annual Report 2024
Other current liabilities 31 Dec 2024 31 Dec 2023
Accrued wages and holiday pay 39 137 47 534
Indirect taxes payable 18 217 13 735
Accrued interest costs 1 634 4 052
Other accruals 21 540 75 010
Prepayments from customers 16 599 19 036
Current portion of non-current debt 1 969 2 077
Total other current liabilities 99 096 161 444
Warranties
The Group provides warranties for general repairs of defects that existed at the time of sale, as 
required by law. For the direct sales of solar panel installations and batteries the warranty period is 
up to 10 years, varying from market to market. The Group has back to back warranties with 
hardware producers and installation partners, but is ultimately responsible for solving the problem 
in the event that hardware producers fail to replace the defect hardware, or installation partners 
fail to resolve issues related to the quality of the work performed on the installation. The Group is 
also responsible for covering the installation work related to replacing defect hardware. Refer to 
note 1 for further information about warranties.
As the replacement cost is not expected to be significant and it is difficult to prepare a reliable 
estimate, including the percentage of defect hardware or installations with quality issues, the 
timing of the issue and the Group’s share of the expense, no accruals have been made. The Group’s 
share of repair and replacement costs will be expensed as they occur.
Since the start of Otovo’s operations the expenses relating to malfunctions one year or more after 
the installation date have been immaterial and according to information received by hardware 
producers and distributors is that they receive warranty claims on less than 1% of all panels sold.
Note 17. Other liabilities
Amounts in NOK thousand
Page 114 Annual Report 2024
Capital Management
The Group’s capital management policy is to have a capital structure which meets the demands of 
operations, reduces cost of capital and complies with financial covenants and future investments 
planned by the Group. The Group will adjust debt and equity to maintain and secure an optimal 
capital structure by continuously monitoring the total equity level and the equity ratio of the Group. 
During 2024 the share price of Otovo has fallen significantly, while the Group has not raised 
additional equity beyond the Offering completed in January 2024, the recent share price 
performance suggests that securing new equity could be more difficult in the current market 
environment. To address this, management has maintained close communication with key 
investors and continued broader investor relations efforts. 
The Group’s activities are exposed to financial risks: credit risk, liquidity risk, currency risk and 
interest risk.
Financial Risk
The Group’s overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets 
and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance. 
In order to adapt to the current market environment, Otovo has simplified and reduced its 
organization significantly, and has refocused its marketing, partnership, and launched new sales 
methods. Further to this the Group’s financial position is expected to significantly strengthen upon 
closing of the portfolio transaction that was signed on 21 February 2025. Refer to note 24 for more 
information. 
Overall the Group considers the financial risks to be acceptable.
Credit risk
Credit risk is the loss that the Group would suffer if a counterparty fails to perform its financial 
obligations. 
The Group’s credit risks largely arise from trade receivables, finance lease receivables and cash 
and cash equivalents. The counterparts for the Group’s cash deposits are large banks which are 
considered to be solid. The Group assesses that there are no material credit risks associated with 
these deposits.
Credit risk related to trade receivables and finance lease receivables is assessed to be limited due 
to the high number of customers in the Group’s customer base and is further mitigated through the 
use of credit rating agencies ahead of sales, use of prepayments for customers or markets with 
higher risk, continuous monitoring of overdue invoices, all combined with the Group holding the 
right to reclaim the assets in case of payment default.
An important element of the credit risk profile for the Group is that the subset of customers 
addressed are, as homeowners, already amongst the individuals with the most robust economy 
and credit ratings. According to Intrum, one of Europe’s largest debt collection agencies, the default 
probability on a utility bill is 6 times lower for a customer owning a house than for customers who 
are not a homeowner. In addition, the single point exposure will be low, as the Group will have 
thousands of single counterparties across Europe.
Finally, the solar system contract will be cost saving for customers in most markets, resulting in the 
outcome for the end customer if choosing not to pay the subscription contract being worse than 
paying. The incentive to pay is further strengthened by the severe repercussion non-payment can 
have on a customer’s credit score and resulting access to credit. Both incentives are stronger in 
countries where Otovo observes a higher loss given default (such as Spain) and as such 
contributes to reduce the overall credit risk. 
Note 18. Risk management
Amounts in NOK thousand
Page 115 Annual Report 2024
2024 2023
Marketplace 40 503 45 117
Subscription 11 694 3 900
Trade receivables
At 31 December the exposure to credit risk were separated into the following segments;
Trade receivables at 31 December - ageing 2024 2023
Not due 10 259 14 762 
1–30 days past due 9 935 16 117 
31–60 days past due 3 456 1 422 
61–90 days past due 3 102 5 998 
More than 90 days past due 25 445 10 718 
Total trade receivables 52 197 49 017
Bad debt provision -6 719 -2 821
The Group applies the simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses, which uses a 
lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables.
Historical losses in the Group have been very low, as a result of the measures implemented in 
order to reduce the credit risk. As an example prepayments are required for the whole or parts of 
the contract amount in some markets. This is reflecting the risk of default in those markets, and 
the local debt collection process and tools available in case of default.
For Marketplace segment the customers are grouped into categories, market by market, and the 
expected credit loss is estimated category by category. The expected loss reflects the Group’s 
ability to collect once receivables are overdue. The residual value of the solar panels installations 
and batteries sold is included in the expected loss assessment, when relevant. For Subscription 
segment the same method is applied, however additional to estimating the expected credit loss 
for the trade receivables, the fixed assets (solar panel systems mounted on the subscription 
customers roof) related to customers with increased risk of payment default is assessed for 
impairment, as the fixed assets would ultimately be reclaimed and sold in the second hand 
market. 
The expected loss is based on experience from debt collection processes and estimated residual 
value for the products that can be reclaimed, both in current and previous years. The Group is 
however in an early stage of its commercial journey, hence the Group has limited historical data. 
As a consequence of this the loss rates are frequently reviewed and updated to reflect the actual 
risk in each of the Group's markets.
2024 2023
Loss on trade receivables 701 166
Loss on trade receivables in % of Revenues 0.12% 0.02%
Page 116 Annual Report 2024
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will have difficulties in paying its financial liabilities. The Group's 
business is exposed to liquidity risk over time. 
The combination of lower energy prices, high inflation, and rising interest rates has resulted in 
decreased demand for solar and battery products in key markets for Otovo, leading to lower sales 
and increasing liquidity risk for the Group. As part of its efforts to improve operational efficiency and 
financial resilience, Otovo focused its market presence to 10 countries during 2024, pausing three 
markets by limiting investments in marketing and personnel. At the same time, the Group 
underwent a reorganization to a functional structure, with increased centralization in a few key 
locations, and executed a cost reduction program in order to strengthen the cash position and align 
operation levels with expected installations in the near future . 
The subscription business consists mainly of purchasing and installing solar systems and batteries 
at private individuals’ houses, and entering into long term leasing contracts with these customers 
(20 years for PV and 10 years for batteries). The Group has a EUR 50 million revolving credit facility to 
finance the subscription assets. Following the successful sale of Scandinavian subscription assets in 
late 2023 the Group's started the process to sell its continental subscription assets during 2024. In 
February 2025 Otovo signed an agreement with Swiss Life Asset Managers to sell these assets. As 
both the continental and Scandinavian agreements include a continuous sale structure, Otovo 
ensures that subscription sales are converted into cash as installations are completed going 
forward. Refer to note 24 for further details about the transaction. The Group's financial position is 
expected to strengthen after closing of the transaction. 
Considering the expected effects the above measures will have on the Group's cash position, the 
liquidity risk is considered to be acceptable.
Page 117 Annual Report 2024
Maturity profile of the Group’s liabilities (in nominal values)
Total as of
31.12.24
< 1
year
2 
years
3
years
4
years
5
years
>5
years
Non-derivative financial obligations
Leasing 6 780 2 909 2 070 1 802 - - -
Borrowings from credit institutions 472 732 1 969 1 474 469 289 - - -
Trade payables 47 419 47 419 - - - - -
Public duties payable 18 217 18 217 - - - - -
Other current liabilities 78 910 78 910 - - - - -
Total 624 058 149 424 3 544 471 091 - - -
Total as 
of
31.12.23
< 1
year
2 
years
3
years
4
years
5
years
>5
years
Non-derivative financial obligations
Leasing 16 763 9 534 7 229 - - - -
Borrowings from credit institutions 237 509 2 077 233 748 1 123 561 - -
Trade payables 69 343 69 343 - - - - -
Public duties payable 13 735 13 735 - - - - -
Other current liabilities 145 632 145 632 - - - - -
Total 482 983 240 321 240 977 1 123 561 - -
Interest expenses are excluded from the above maturity tables. Estimated interest expenses for 
future years, calculated based on the interest rate and outstanding loan balance at the balance 
sheet date, can be found in note 15.
Page 118 Annual Report 2024
Currency risk
The Group is exposed to currency risk related to investments in foreign entities and proceeds from 
these investments that vary with changes in the foreign exchange rate. The net income of the 
Group is also affected by currency fluctuations, as the profit and losses from foreign operations are 
translated into NOK using the average exchange rates for the period.
To the extent possible, the Group intends to finance its operations through debt financing in the 
respective countries’ currency. The Group’s current policy is not to hedge its currency risk through 
FX futures or other derivatives.
The currency risk for each of the Group’s subsidiaries is limited as each entity has its revenues and 
costs in its local currency. Wholesale prices of materials may to a certain extent vary with variations 
in foreign exchange rates, that will influence prices to customers which again could affect the 
attractiveness of the product.
Sensitivity
Loan financing of subsidiaries are in the subsidiaries’ local currency, primarily EUR. A strengthening 
of EUR compared to NOK, would have a positive effect on the Group’s profit and loss before tax, 
while a weakening of EUR would have a negative effect on the Group’s profit and loss. The currency 
effects are primarily explained by internal loans in EUR and other foreign currencies being higher 
than external financing in EUR and other foreign currencies in the NOK entities providing the internal 
loans. 
If the following currencies had strengthened/weakened against the functional currency, it would 
have had the below effect on the Group's profit and loss. 
Profit and loss
Change in 2024 2023
EUR +/- 10% 57 236 58 134 
SEK +/- 10% 2 133 3 706 
PLN +/- 10% 518 750 
GBP +/- 10% 3 675 1 453 
CHF +/- 10% 5 778 2 347 
USD +/- 10% 2 3 
Total 69 342 66 393 
Page 119 Annual Report 2024
Interest rate risk
EDEA, the subscription business, is financing its activities partly through a debt facility from DNB Bank 
ASA and Sparebank 1 SR-bank ASA, obtained in 2023. Thus the Group is exposed to market risk 
related to fluctuations in interest rates and currencies in the countries where the Group has 
operations. The interest rates in the Group’s financing agreements vary with the respective 
IBOR-rate. All customer contracts have a fixed, implicit interest rate that is set at the start of the 
contract period and not changed for the duration of the contract period (20 years for solar panel 
installations, 10 years for batteries). 
Consequently, the Group is exposed to the risk that its financing costs may increase, while its 
recurring revenues to a larger extent is based on fixed price contracts. This risk is mitigated in two 
ways. The monthly payments from the customers are subject to an annual CPI adjustment, which is 
expected to compensate for increasing financing costs to a large extent. In addition, the implicit 
interest rates in new customer contracts may be increased if the financing costs increase, giving 
higher recurring revenue in the future. 
Overall the risk related to interest rates has decreased slightly from 2023 to 2024, with the 
decreasing interest rates. In combination with the decreasing interest rates and mitigating factors of 
inflation and yield adjustment on new contracts (as described above), the Group has decided to 
maintain its' policy not to enter into interest rate swaps to hedge interest rate risk.
See note 15 for further information about the debt facility.
Interest Rate Sensitivity
If the following interest rates had strengthened or weakened, the change would have had the below 
effect on the Group’s Loss: 
Profit and loss
Change in Interest Rate 2024 2023
EURIBOR + 3.25% 
(‘24)/3.5% (‘23)
+/- 1% 4 690 2 358
Page 120 Annual Report 2024
Share capital Number of shares Share price Carrying amount
Ordinary shares 280 007 384 0.9 252 006 646
The shareholders of Otovo ASA Number of shares % Total
Å Energi Invest AS 87 732 581 31.33%
Axel Johnson AB 68 686 696 24.53%
Nysnø Klimainvesteringer AS 19 306 931 6.90%
Codee Holding AS 11 000 000 3.93%
Andmar Operations AS 8 664 610 3.09%
Obos Bbl 7 261 870 2.59%
N.A. Citibank 7 000 000 2.50%
Akershus Energi Sol AS 6 312 420 2.25%
Verdipapirfondet Dnb Grønt Norden 5 874 863 2.10%
Citibank Europe Plc 3 600 000 1.29%
Simvest AS 2 528 127 0.90%
Beacon Group AS 1 807 730 0.65%
Bank Pictet & Cie (europe) AG 1 733 876 0.62%
Telinet Invest AS 1 402 678 0.50%
Roar Henden 1 288 660 0.46%
Verdipapirfondet Dnb Miljøinvest 1 259 570 0.45%
Erøy AS 1 217 916 0.43%
Nordnet Livsforsikring AS 1 005 367 0.36%
Emjo AS 839 000 0.30%
Gekko AS 732 330 0.26%
Remaining shareholders (less than 1%) 40 752 159 14.55%
Note 19. Share capital and shareholder information
Ordinary shares have a nominal value of NOK 0.01 each and all provide the same rights in the 
Company. 
The Company completed two capital increases during 2024 and issued 782,804 shares. In total, 
NOK 0.35 million, net of transaction costs, was raised through the capital increases.
At the end of the year, the Company owned 464,865 own shares, corresponding to 0.17% of the 
share capital. The average cost price for the shares was NOK 1.17. The shares were purchased in 
order to fulfill the Company's obligations to deliver shares under the Company's share purchase 
programme. 42.735 shares were delivered under the employee share purchase program during 
2024.
In addition to the own shares, the Company also held 287,207 shares in custody on behalf of 
employees as of 31.12.24.
Showing holdings as of 31 December 2024
Updated list of shareholders can be found at investor.otovo.com/stock-info
Page 121 Annual Report 2024
Subscription customers enters into a 20 year contract for PV systems, and 10 year contract for 
batteries, paying a monthly price that is adjusted for inflation annually. The existing subscription 
customers are contracted to pay the subscription SPV NOK 1.4b over the next 20 years, assuming 2% 
annual inflation for the remainder of the contract period, without accounting for churn. The 
customer has the right to purchase the solar panel installation during the contract period at 
residual value, which is considered to be above market value, or at the end of the contract period at 
market value. Dismantling expenses at the end of the contract period are to be covered by the 
customer.
Subscriptions customers have 20 year guarantees for PV systems, 10 years for batteries, the 
guarantee is related to the performance of assets held and maintained by the Group. The Group’s 
share of repair and replacement costs will be expensed as they occur, if not covered by warranties 
from hardware producers or installation partners. 
The calculated Contracted Customer Payments are impacted by changes in foreign exchange 
rates during the year.
EDEA Contracted customer payments NPV 2025 2026
-2028
2029
-2031
2032
-2044 Total
Non-discounted contracted 
customer payments*
71 178 222 131 235 728 896 496 1 425 533
NPV at 5% discount rate 930 451
Note 20. Contracted future subscription payments
Amounts in NOK thousand
*) Assuming 2% Annual inflation
Page 122 Annual Report 2024
Basic earnings per share amounts are calculated by dividing the profit after tax for the year 
attributable to ordinary shareholders of the parent company by the weighted average number 
of ordinary shares outstanding during the year.
Diluted earnings per share amounts are calculated by dividing the profit after tax for the year 
attributable to ordinary shareholders of the parent company by the weighted average number 
of ordinary shares outstanding during the year, plus the weighted average number of ordinary 
shares that would be issued on conversion of all the potentially dilutive ordinary shares into 
ordinary shares.
The following reflects the profit and share data used in the basic and diluted earnings per share 
computations. 
2024 2023
Profit/(loss) after tax attributable to parent company shareholders -374 510 -384 773
Number of shares outstanding at 1 January 279 224 580 136 214 346
New shares issued during the year 782 804 143 010 234
Number of shares outstanding at 31 December 280 007 384 279 224 580 
Weighted average number of shares during the year 279 837 686 158 611 409 
Earnings per share (in NOK)
Basic -1.34 -2.43
Diluted -1.34 -2.43
Effect of dilution is 0 in both years as the Group is reporting a loss after tax. Retention shares and 
share options granted could potentially dilute basic earnings per share in the future. Refer to 
note 6 for further details about these shares and options
Note 21. Earnings per share
Amounts in NOK thousand
Page 123 Annual Report 2024
Identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed (EUR)
Customer contracts 447 390
Fixed assets 4 797 326
Trade receivables 5 042
Cash and cash equivalent 46 512
Total Assets 5 296 270
Current Liabilities 32 471
Total Liabilities 32 471
Total identifiable net assets acquired 5 263 799
Consideration transferred (for 100% of shares) 4 326 245
Fair value of identifiable net assets (100%) 5 263 799
Goodwill -937 554
Note 22. Acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries
Acquisition of Subsidiary
On 2 December 2024 it was announced that Otovo ASA on 29 November 2024 bought a portfolio 
of subscription customers in Austria for EURm 4.3 (the “Transaction”), the SPV HalloSONNE GmbH, 
from a reputable electricity provider, through a wholly owned subsidiary. The Company has 
changed name to EDEA Two GmbH after the acquisition.
The Transaction is structured as a purchase of 100% of the shares in an Austrian special purpose 
vehicle that has entered into leasing agreements with customers that are similar to those in 
EDEA’s current portfolio. The purchase of a subscription portfolio in Austria, is consisting of 429 
subscription customer contracts, and the related assets.
Net consideration for the shares was EUR 4.33 million. The consideration was settled with cash.
Transaction Details (EUR)
Acquiring Company EDEA Gmbh
Acquisition date 29.11.2024
Country Austria
Currency EUR
Voting Rights/Ownership Interest before Acquisition 0.00%
Voting rights / ownership interest after Acquisition 100%
Page 124 Annual Report 2024
The consideration transferred is less than the 
fair value of net identifiable assets acquired 
and liabilities assumed, resulting in a gain. 
The main underlying explanation for the 
bargain purchase price is that the seller has 
decided to discontinue their leasing 
business. Otovo is one of few potential 
buyers, and is benefiting from the already 
existing presences and business setup in 
Austria.
The bargain purchase gain has been 
included in Other income. The gain was EUR 
938k, translated to NOK 10.9 million.
Total revenue and income in the ownership 
period was EUR 60k, translated to NOK 713k, 
while the profit for the ownership period was 
EUR 35k, translated to NOK 407k. 
Total revenue and income for the the 
Company for full year 2024 was EUR 451k, 
while the Company had a loss for the year of 
EUR 546K. The loss for the year is primarily 
explained by reversal of prior year tax 
income relating to Group taxation. The prior 
tax group was dissolved retroactively and 
the tax income reversed.
Disposal of subsidiaries
On 6 October 2023, Otovo announced that its 
fully owned subsidiary EDEA MidCo AS 
entered into a share purchase agreement 
with Forte PV S.à.r.l part of a collective 
investment scheme managed by Swiss Life 
Asset Managers for the sale of its Norwegian 
and Swedish subscription portfolios. The deal 
was completed 15 November 2023. 
The transaction involves 100% of the shares 
held by EDEA MidCo AS in its Norwegian and 
Swedish subsidiaries, European Distributed 
Energy Assets AS and European Distributed 
Energy Assets AB. This comprises all 
subscription assets originated by Otovo in 
Norway and Sweden up until end of August 
2023 and the cash flows pursuant to these 
assets. In addition, Otovo continues to enter 
into new subscription agreements on behalf 
of the portfolio companies sold. Otovo has 
also agreed to sell all solar rooftop projects 
originating in Scandinavia to the buyer until 
end of 2024 on the same terms, with a 
possible extension to September 2025 in 
case of delays in installations.The extension 
has been applied, and the parties are 
discussing further extensions, but nothing 
has been concluded as of 31.12.24. 
Out of a total settlement of NOK 257 million, 
NOK 204 million was repayment of 
intercompany loans from EDEA MidCo AS to 
European Distributed Energy Assets AS and 
European Distributed Energy Assets AB. NOK 
170 million of the repayment was used to 
settle external non-current liabilities related 
to Swedish and Norwegian subscription 
assets. NOK 54 million of the settlement was 
consideration for shares, of which NOK 7.5 
million is held in an escrow account in 
Otovo’s name, related to indemnities under 
the Share Purchase Agreement. 
The disposal consist primarily of subscription 
assets in Norway and Sweden, with a net 
book value at disposal of NOK 199 million, 
and related subscription contracts and 
receivables, as well as excess values directly 
allocated to the Norwegian and Swedish 
subscription business stemming from the 
acquisition of EDEA in December 2021. The net 
book value of disposed excess values was 
NOK 9 million, net of deferred tax. The 
subscription business in Norway and Sweden 
has been reported as part of the subscription 
segment. Refer to note 5 for more 
information. 
The gain on the transaction, based on the 
submitted completion accounts was NOK 38 
million, net of directly attributable costs of 
NOK 6.5 million. The gain was recognised in 
2023, but adjusted with NOK 2.9 million in 
2024 due to working capital adjustments to 
the purchase price, reducing the gain. The 
gain has been included in Other income in 
2023 and 2024 accordingly.
The following changes in presentation have 
been implemented for FY 2023, compared to 
the presentation in the annual consolidated 
financial statements for 2023:
- Gain on disposal of subsidiary is 
reclassified from Other operating 
income to Other Income
- Cash effects relating to tangible and 
intangible assets included in the 
transaction are excluded from 
disposal of tangible and intangible 
assets in Net cash flow from investing 
activities
- Consideration, net of cash disposed 
of, is presented as Disposal of 
subsidiary, net of cash disposed of
- Gain on the disposal of subsidiary is 
presented as a separate adjustment 
in Cash flow from operating activities
- Change in other assets and other 
liabilities, in Cash generated from 
operating activities, is adjusted with 
the net effects of the above
Page 125 Annual Report 2024
The Group enters into 10 year subscription contracts with customers for their use of standard, 
mass produced home batteries installed at their premises. Otovo has previously concluded that 
the Group has not transferred substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the 
batteries and has classified the subscription contracts for home batteries as operating leases. 
Operating lease payments are recognised as income on a straight-line basis. 
The Group has changed contracts with new subscriptions customers in Germany, Austria and the 
UK as a result of local changes in VAT. The change was effective for installations completed 
starting from January 2023 in Germany, and January 2024 for Austria and the UK. The change 
entails that the customer has the right to purchase the battery at a price that is significantly lower 
than fair value at the date the option becomes exercisable. It is considered to be reasonably 
certain that the option will be exercised. Otovo has concluded that the Group has transferred 
substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the batteries installed in the 
applicable markets in 2023 and/or 2024, and has classified the related subscription contracts as 
finance leases. Refer to note 2 for more information.
Sales price, Service fee and Interest income are included in Finance lease revenues in 2024, while 
for 2023 Service fee was included in Other operating income and Interest income was included in 
Financial income.
Consolidated statement of profit and loss 2024 2023
Revenue 18 517 14 347 
Cost of materials and installation services 15 605 12 048
Selling profit 2 912 2 299
Service fee 17 11
Interest income 1 535 441 
Net impact on Consolidated statement of profit and loss 4 463 2751
Consolidated statement of financial position 31 Dec 2024 31 Dec 2023
- Less than one year 4 735 1 850
- One to five years 18 939 7 400
- More than five years 23 674 10 175 
Gross finance lease receivable 47 347 19 425
Less unearned Interest income -15 371 -5 706
Total finance lease receivables 31 976 13 719
Note 23. Finance lease
Amounts in NOK thousand
Page 126 Annual Report 2024
Otovo ASA on 28 March 2025 closed the transaction to sell its continental portfolio of subscription 
assets in Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Netherlands, Spain, Poland and Portugal to Swiss Life 
Asset Managers (“SLAM”). The transaction relates to the sale of 89% of the shares in eight special 
purpose vehicles holding a fleet of around 6,000 residential solar and battery leasing assets in the 
eight countries. The total transaction size on a 100% basis is EUR 105 million (NOK 1,209m) split on 
assets built between 2020-2024 of EUR ~50 million (NOK 580m) closing in Q1; and continuous sale 
agreement of EUR ~55 million where SLAM will continue to buy subscription assets until the end of Q3 
2026. The cash release from the first close net of debt repayment and reinvestment is EUR 13 million 
(NOK 155m), whereas the estimated gross margin for the continuous sales agreement is 32%. The 
accounting effect of the transaction will be included in the Q1 2025 financial report. 
Note 24. Events after the reporting period
Page 127 Annual Report 2024
Parent Company
Financial Statements
Page 128 Annual Report 2024
Parent company income statement
Amounts in NOK thousand
Note 2024 2023
Revenue 38 882 292 032
Other operating revenue 51 742 103 333
Total revenue and other income 2 90 624 395 365
Cost of goods sold 30 021 244 287
Payroll and related costs 3 59 836 115 334
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment 4,5 27 119 22 476
Other operating expenses 3, 
6,9,10
56 798 88 578
Total operating expenses 173 773 470 674
Operating profit/(loss) -83 149 -75 309
Financial income 32 240 21 550
Financial expenses 119 222
Impairment of financial assets 9,10 229 419 0
Net exchange gain/(loss) 19 706 14 311
Net Financial items 7 -177 592 35 639
Profit/(loss)before income tax -260 741 -39 669
Income tax 8 132 -
Profit/(loss) after tax -260 873 -39 669
Transferred to uncovered loss -260 873 -39 669
Total allocations and equity transfers -260 873 -39 669
Page 129 Annual Report 2024
Parent company balance sheet
Amounts in NOK thousand
For the year ended 31 December Note 31 Dec 2024 31 Dec 2023
Assets
Intangible assets 4 75 847 74 044
Fixtures and fittings 5 2 726 3 175
Investments in Group companies 9 751 620 600 645
Loans to Group companies 10 436 004 409 444
Total non-current assets 1 266 197 1 087 309
Accounts receivable 11 4 705 4 819
Other receivables 8 462 11 782
Receivables from Group companies 10 49 465 117 689
Cash and cash equivalents 12 51 299 432 303
Total current assets 113 930 566 592
TOTAL ASSETS 1 380 127 1 653 900
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Share capital 13,14,15 2 800 2 792
Share premium 13,14 1 834 953 1 834 616
Other paid-in equity 13,14 94 684 84 960
Total paid-in equity 1 932 437 1 922 368
Uncovered loss 14 -618 588 -357 715
Total equity 1 313 850 1 564 654
Other provisions for liabilities 5 430 4 585
Total non-current liabilities 5 430 4 585
Accounts payable 14 235 17 321
Accounts payable to Group companies 10 11 804 2
Other taxes and withholdings 4 355 6 515
Other current liabilities to Group companies 10 5 315 25 492
Other current liabilities 25 138 35 331
Total current liabilities 60 847 84 661
Total liabilities 66 277 89 246
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 1 380 127 1 653 900
Oslo, 23 April 2025
Board of Directors of Otovo ASA
Beatriz Malo de Molina
Chair of the Board
Mette Rokne Hanestad
 Board member
Jacob Wall
 Board member
Tor Øystein Repstad
Board member
Nico Schwab
Board member
Josefin Christina Landgård
Board member
Andreas Egge Thorsheim
Chief Executive Officer
Eivind Tønnessen
 Board member
Zoë Wyon
 Board member
(Signed electronically)
Page 130 Annual Report 2024
Parent company cash flow statement
Amounts in NOK thousand
2024 2023
Cash flow from operations
Profit/(loss) before taxation -260 741 -39 669
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment 256 538 22 476
Net currency (gains) losses not relating to operating 
activities
-18 258 -18 347
Expensed share-based payments 10 238 47 629
Change in accounts receivables and accounts payables 8 830 4 655
Change in other balance sheet items 39 765 -23 900
Net cash flow from operations 36 371 -7 156
Cash flow from investment activities
Investment in Group companies -91 486 -121 577
Loans to Group companies -297 210 -124 694
Investments in intangible assets -28 510 -36 671
Investments in tangible assets - -686
Net cash flow from investment activities -417 206 -283 628
Cash flow from financing activities
Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares 345 679 717
Purchased back shares -514 0
Outflow due to downpayment of non-current liabilities - -2 500
Net cash flow from financing activities -169 677 217
Net cash flow during the period -381 004 386 433
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 432 303 45 870
Bank deposits, cash and equivalents at 31 December 51 299 432 303
Page 131 Annual Report 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements
For the year ended 31 December
Note 1. Accounting policies
The financial statements, which have been presented in compliance with the Norwegian Companies 
Act, the Norwegian Accounting Act and Norwegian generally accepted accounting principles in 
effect at 31 December 2024, consist of the income statement, balance sheet, cash flow statement 
and notes to the accounts. The financial statements are presented in Norwegian kroner (NOK) and 
all values are rounded to the nearest thousand (NOK’ 000) unless otherwise stated.
Valuation and classification of assets and liabilities
Assets intended for permanent ownership or use in the business are classified as non-current 
assets.
Other assets are classified as current assets. Receivables due within one year are classified as 
current assets. The classification of current and non-current liabilities is based on the same criteria.
Current assets are valued at the lower of historical cost and fair value.
Fixed assets are carried at historical cost, but are written down to their recoverable amount if this is 
lower than the carrying amount and the decline is expected to be permanent. Fixed assets with a 
limited economic life are depreciated on a systematic basis in accordance with a reasonable 
depreciation schedule.
Other long-term liabilities, as well as short-term liabilities, are valued at nominal value.
Foreign currency
All balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies are translated into NOK at the exchange 
rate prevailing at the balance sheet date.
Intangible fixed assets
Expenses relating to the development of intangible assets are capitalised when it becomes probable 
that the future economic benefits arising from the assets will accrue to the Company, and the cost 
of the assets can be reliably measured.
Intangible assets that are acquired separately, are recognised at historical cost. Intangible assets 
acquired in a business combination, are recognised at historical cost when the criteria for balance 
sheet recognition have been met.
Page 132 Annual Report 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements
For the year ended 31 December
Shares in subsidiaries and associates
Subsidiaries and investments in associates are carried at cost. A write-down to fair value will be 
performed if the impairment is not considered to be temporary, and an impairment charge is 
deemed necessary according to generally accepted accounting principles. Received dividends 
and Group contributions are recognised as other financial income. The same applies for 
investments in associates.
The following companies are included in the Group on 31.12, with entities directly owned by Otovo 
ASA highlighted:
Shares in subsidiaries and associates
Company Country Location 31 Dec 2024
Otovo ASA Parent company Norway Oslo n.m
Otovo AB Sweden Stockholm 100%
Otovo France SAS France Paris 100%
Otovo Iberic SL Spain Madrid 100%
Otovo Srl Italy Milan 100%
Otovo Sp. Z.o.o Poland Warsaw 100%
Otovo GmbH Germany Berlin 100%
Otovo GmbH Austria Wien 100%
Otovo Unipessoal LDA Portugal Lisboa 100%
Otovo Limited UK London 100%
Otovo Schweiz GmbH Switzerland Zürich 100%
Otovo B.V. Netherlands Amsterdam 100%
Otovo BE B.V. Belgium Brussels 100%
Otovo Shared Services SL Spain Madrid 100%
European Distributed Energy Assets Midco AS Norway Oslo 100%
Edea Polska Sp. Z.o.o Poland Warsaw 100%
Distributed Energy Assets SLU Spain Madrid 100%
Distributed Energy Assets SARL France Paris 100%
European Distributed Energy Assets GmbH Germany Berlin 100%
EDEA GmbH Austria Wien 100%
Otovo Energy Assets Unipessoal LDA Portugal Lisboa 100%
European Distributed Energy Assets Limited UK London 100%
European Distributed Energy Assets Switzerland Switzerland Zürich 100%
European Distributed Energy Assets B.V. Netherlands Amsterdam 100%
European Distributed Energy Assets BE B.V. Belgium Brussels 100%
EDEA II AB Sweden Stockholm 100%
EDEA Two GmbH Austria Wien 100%
EDEA Europe AS Norway Oslo 100%
Page 133 Annual Report 2024
Notes to the parent company financial statements
For the year ended 31 December
Revenue
Revenue from the sales of services is valued at fair value of the consideration, after deduction of 
VAT and discounts. Sales are recognized when The Company has delivered its services to the 
customer and there are no unfulfilled obligations that may affect the customer’s acceptance of the 
delivery.
The Company’s revenues are related to sale of solar panels and installation of these. For projects 
where a fixed fee has been agreed, revenues and costs are settled based on the best estimate for 
expected profit and actual progress.
Cost of goods is recognized with associated operating revenues.
Receivables
Trade receivables and other receivables are recognised at nominal value, less the accrual for 
expected losses of receivables. The accrual for losses is based on an individual assessment of each 
receivable.
Cash flow
The cash flow statement has been prepared according to the indirect method. Cash and cash 
equivalents include cash, bank deposits and other monetary instruments with a maturity of less 
than three months at the date of purchase.
Pensions
Defined contribution plans are accounted for according to the matching principle. Contributions to 
the pension plan are recorded as expenses.
Page 134 Annual Report 2024
Cost of sales and other expenses
In principle, cost of sales and other expenses are recognised in the same period as the revenue to 
which they relate. In instances where there is no clear connection between the expense and 
revenue, the apportionment is estimated.
Other exceptions to the matching criteria are disclosed where appropriate.
Income taxes
Tax expenses are matched with operating income before tax. Tax related to equity transactions e.g. 
Group contribution, is recognised directly in equity.
Tax expense consists of current income tax expense and change in net deferred tax. Deferred tax 
liabilities and deferred tax assets are presented net in the balance sheet.
Warranty provisions
Otovo provides warranties for general repairs of defects that existed at the time of sale, as required 
by law. For the direct sales of solar panel installations the warranty period is 10 years. As the 
Company has back to back warranties with hardware producers and installation partners, no 
provision has been recognised. The Company is ultimately responsible for solving the problem in 
the event that hardware producers fail to replace the defect hardware, or installation partners fail 
to resolve issues related to the quality of the work performed on the installation. The Company is 
also responsible for covering the installation work related to replacing defect hardware.
As it is not possible to prepare a reliable estimate including the percentage of defect hardware or 
installations with quality issues, the timing of the issue and the Company’s share of the expense, no 
accruals have been made. The Company’s share of repair and replacement costs will be expensed 
as they occur.
Note 2. Sales revenue
Income statement 2024 2023
Sales of solar panels 38 882 292 032
Other income 51 742 103 333
Total 90 624 395 365
Sales of solar panels
All sales of solar panels are in Norway
Other income
Other income is primarily relating to software fee charged to the Company's subsidiaries for their 
use of Otovo Cloud, amounting to NOK 37 million. Refer to note 4 for more information about 
Otovo Cloud. Additionally, Other income includes intercompany management fees, and 
management and service fees
Page 135 Annual Report 2024
The Group's pension scheme satisfies the requirement of the Act of obligatory occupational 
pensions.
Share-based payments
Otovo has share option programmes where the employees have been granted options at the strike 
price in accordance with the market price at the time of issuance. The programs includes both 
existing and new employees who are awarded options based on an allocation into defined tiers 
proposed by Management and approved by the Board of Directors. The options vest with ⅓ each 
year the three years after the issuance. In December 2023 Otovo granted share options to 
management and key personnel and cancelled old option programs. The new grant is recognised 
at its grant-date fair value and the original grant is accounted for as a cancellation. The 
cancellation is accounted for as an acceleration of the vesting period and any amount 
unrecognised that would otherwise have been recognised was recognised immediately as an 
expense. The expense related to the cancellation was NOK 17.4 million. In December 2024 Otovo 
bught back options that vested on 1 January 2024, or will west on 1 January 2025. The buy back was 
at fair value of the instrument and has been accounted for as repurchase of equity interest. The 
repurchase amounts to NOK 2.3 million, including social security. 
Furthermore, a share purchase programme was established by the Group in 2020 where the 
participants subscribe to new shares as an initial investment, and receive performance shares after 
two years if the share price has doubled and retention shares after three and four years 
respectively if they are still employed with the Group. The share purchase program is discontinued, 
but there are still outstanding retention shares. 
Expenses related to share-based payments are included in Other benefits in the table above.
Payroll costs 2024 2023
Wages and salaries 33 371 47 007
Social security tax 9 471 11 574
Pension costs 3 065 4 732
Other benefits 13 930 52 018
Total 59 837 115 331
Average number of employees during the year 69 91
Note 3. Payroll costs, number of employees, benefits, loans to 
employees etc.
Page 136 Annual Report 2024
Specification of expensed share-based payment 2024 2023
Payroll costs 12 172 47 630
Social security -178 -1 309
Total expensed share-based payments 11 994 46 321
Directors’ remuneration Salaries, bonus, fees Pensions Other benefits
Chief Executive Officer 4 412 121 11
Board of Directors - - 1 583
Chief Executive Officer has a maximum yearly bonus of 50% of base salary. No loans or guarantees 
have been granted to management etc.
The CEO has 6 months notice period and is entitled to severance pay equal to six months salary in 
case of termination.
Auditor
Remuneration to BDO AS and their associates is as follows:
2024 2023
Statutory audit 1 276 1 732
Other assurance services 31 102
Other non-assurance services 57 28
All amounts are excluded VAT
Page 137 Annual Report 2024
Otovo Cloud Other intangible 
assets
Total
Cost at 1 January 2024 128 781 4 603 133 384
Additions 28 510 - 28 510
Cost at 31 December 2024 157 291 4 603 161 894
Acc. amortisation at 1 January 2024 -57 286 -2 056 -59 342
Accumulated and reversed amortisation and 
impairment at 31 December 2024 -83 075 -2 973 -86 049
Balance at 31 December 2024 74 216 1 630 75 845
Current year amortisation charge 25 789 917 26 707
Economic life 5 years 5 years
Amortisation method straight-line straight-line
Otovo Cloud
Otovo's business model is fundamentally digital and software-driven. Central to this architecture is 
Otovo Cloud, a proprietary platform developed in-house, which integrates seamlessly with 
complementary applications. These include software designed to collect and analyze production 
data from various solar hardware, as well as systems for streamlined financial management and 
reporting, as well as end-customer interactions. 
Otovo Cloud is tailored to Otovo's marketplace business model and supports the Group's value 
chain from sales (compilation of map data, building data, solar radiation data and algorithmic 
bidding on solar cell projects) to planning (obtaining cost models from installers, choosing an 
installer and awarding projects), follow-up and invoicing of the project (monitoring progress, 
obtaining documentation of the work performed and generating sales orders that will be sent to 
the Group ERP as basis for invoicing). Post installation and invoicing, Otovo Cloud continues to 
create value for the customer through collecting, compiling and presenting production data from 
inverters. 
The software is scalable and is used across the markets in which the Group operates. 
Development and maintenance of the Otovo Cloud is handled by the Product team in Otovo. Direct 
payroll expenses relating to the Product team are split into development and maintenance, with 
payroll expenses relating to development being capitalised as an intangible asset and amortised.
Key developments in 2024 largely focused on enhancing the Otovo Cloud platform's capabilities to 
better support the sales process. Notable improvements include functionalities enabling the 
introduction of a field-sales approach and standardization of the sales workflow across Otovo’s 13 
markets, resulting amongst other in higher conversion rates. Additionally, significant 
advancements were made to the core marketplace functionality, extending Otovo Cloud's 
capacity beyond traditional solar panel products to accommodate new SKUs such as batteries, EV 
chargers, heat pumps, and home energy management systems. These enhancements 
substantially improved the platform's user interface (UI) and user experience (UX) for customers.
The useful life of the asset and related amortisation expenses are based on management’s 
estimates and the chosen amortisation method. Estimates may change due to technological 
developments and other factors and may result in changes in the estimated useful life and in the 
amortisation or depreciation charges. Technological developments are difficult to predict and the 
Group’s views on the trends and pace of development may change over time. The useful lives are 
reviewed at least annually taking into consideration the factors mentioned above and all other 
important relevant factors.
Otovo ASA is charging subsidiaries a fee for their use of Otovo Cloud. The fee for 2024 was NOK 37 
million, and is included in Other operating income.
Note 4. Intangible assets
Page 138 Annual Report 2024
Fittings and
fixtures
Solar 
panels
Total
Cost at 1 January 2024 3 406 4 505 7 911
Additions, purchased - - -
Disposals -122 - -122
Cost at 31 December 2024 3 283 4 505 7 789
Acc. amortisation at 1 January 2024 -2 991 -1 744 -4 735
Accumulated depreciation
and impairment at 31 December 2024
-3 116 -1 946 -5 062
Balance at 31 December 2024 167 2 559 2 727
Current year amortisation charge 208 202 410
Economic life 3 years 20 years
Depreciation method straight-line straight-line
Note 5. Property, plant and equipment
Page 139 Annual Report 2024
The Company has entered into commercial leases for office premises. The lease contract for the 
current office premises has been terminated and a new lease has been entered into from January 
2025. The new lease matures in April 2031 but is mutually cancellable with 6 months notice from 
June 2025. The lease is annually adjusted according to the consumer price index. There are no 
restrictions placed upon the lessee under the lease contract to use the office premises in the 
normal course of business.
The local organization have had separate office premises in Rådhusgata 20 in 2023. The lease 
matured at the end of April 2024.
Operating costs by nature 2024 2023
Office related expenses 3 600 4 623
External personnel and consultancy fees, including audit fees 14 624 23 421
Media spend, advertising and partnerships 6 434 11 972
System and software 19 227 18 467
Fees for Group employees hired in subsidiaries 8 076 21 659
Other operating expenses 4 837 8 436
Total 56 798 88 578
Note 6. Operating costs
Page 140 Annual Report 2024
Other Financial Income 2024 2023
Exchange gain (agio) 23 828 34 871
Interest income from Group companies 24 911 18 941
Other financial income 1 2
Other interest income 7 329 2 607
Total of Other Financial Income 56 069 56 421
 Other Financial Expense 2024 2023
Exchange loss (disagio) 4 123 20 559
Other financial expense 67 11
Other interest expense 52 211
Total of Other Financial Expense 4 242 20 781
Net Financial Income and Financial Expense 51 827 35 640
Note 7. Specification of financial income and financial expenses
Page 141 Annual Report 2024
Specification of deferred tax 2024 2023
Differences that are offset:
Fixed assets -2 969 -3 053 
Long-term receivables in foreign currency 44 715 25 629
Outstanding receivables -818 -764 
Accruals etc. -16 823 -11 260 
Profit and loss account -82 -103 
Net temporary differences 24 023 -10 450 
Loss carry-forward -310 769 -274 865 
Not included in the calculation of deferred tax - -
Basis for deferred tax/deferred tax asset -286 746 -264 415 
Net deferred tax/deferred tax asset -63 084 -58 171 
Of which not capitalised deferred tax asset 63 084 58 171 
Deferred tax in the balance sheet - -
Specification of income tax expense 2024 2023
Current income tax payable - -
Changes in deferred tax - -
Withholding tax 132 -
Tax on profit/(loss) 132 -
Basis for tax expense, change in deferred tax and tax payables 2024 2023
Profit/(loss) before taxation -260 741 -39 669 
Permanent differences 238 411 22 546 
Basis for the tax cost on this years profit/loss -22 330 -17 123
Change in temporary differences -13 574 -16 422
This year's tax base -35 904 -33 545
Received/issued Group contribution - -
Basis payable tax -35 904 -35 545
Payable tax 2024 2023
Tax rate 22% 22%
Note 8. Income tax expense
Page 142 Annual Report 2024
Equity interests
Company Country Location 31 Dec 2024 31 Dec 2023
Otovo AB Sweden Stockholm 100% 100%
Otovo France SAS France Paris 100% 100%
Otovo Iberic SL Spain Madrid 100% 100%
Otovo Srl Italy Milan 100% 100%
Otovo Sp. Z.o.o Poland Warsaw 100% 100%
Otovo GmbH Germany Berlin 100% 100%
Otovo GmbH Austria Wien 100% 100%
Otovo Unipessoal LDA Portugal Lisboa 100% 100%
Otovo Limited UK London 100% 100%
Otovo Schweiz GmbH Switzerland Zürich 100% 100%
Otovo B.V. Netherlands Amsterdam 100% 100%
Otovo BE B.V. Belgium Brussels 100% 100%
Otovo Shared Services SL Spain Madrid 100% 100%
European Distributed Energy Assets Midco AS Norway Oslo 100% 100%
Edea Polska Sp. Z.o.o Poland Warsaw 100% 100%
Distributed Energy Assets SLU Spain Madrid 100% 100%
Distributed Energy Assets SARL France Paris 100% 100%
European Distributed Energy Assets GmbH Germany Berlin 100% 100%
EDEA GmbH Austria Wien 100% 100%
Otovo Energy Assets Unipessoal LDA Portugal Lisboa 100% 100%
European Distributed Energy Assets Limited UK London 100% 100%
European Distributed Energy Assets Switzerland Switzerland Zürich 100% 100%
European Distributed Energy Assets B.V. Netherlands Amsterdam 100% 100%
European Distributed Energy Assets BE B.V. Belgium Brussels 100% 100%
EDEA II AB Sweden Stockholm 100% -
EDEA Two GmbH Austria Wien 100% -
EDEA Europe AS Norway Oslo 100% -
Note 9. Investments in subsidiaries
On 2 December 2024 it was announced that Otovo ASA on 29 November 2024 bought a portfolio of 
subscription customers in Austria for EURm 4.3 (the “Transaction”), the SPV HalloSONNE GmbH, from a 
reputable electricity provider, through a wholly owned subsidiary. The Company has changed name 
to EDEA Two GmbH after the acquisition.
The Transaction is structured as a purchase of 100% of the shares in an Austrian special purpose 
vehicle that has entered into leasing agreements with customers that are similar to those in EDEA’s 
current portfolio. The purchase of a subscription portfolio in Austria, is consisting of 429 subscription 
customer contracts, and the related assets.
Net consideration for the shares was EUR 4.33 million. The consideration was settled with cash.
Page 143 Annual Report 2024
Company Book value 
31 December 2024
Otovo AB 135 539
Otovo France SAS 167 569
Otovo Iberic SL 33 633
Otovo Srl 63 759
Otovo Sp. Z.o.o 65 973
Otovo GmbH (Germany) 4 878
Otovo GmbH (Austria) 24 478
Otovo, Unipessoal LDA 31 134
EDEA MidCo AS 224 407
Otovo Schweiz GmbH 215
Otovo Limited -
Otovo BE B.V. -
Otovo B.V. -
Otovo Shared Services SL 34
Total 751 620
Book value of companies owned directly by 
Otovo ASA
Otovo ASA has financed its subsidiaries through a combination of equity and loans, with each subsidiary 
identified as a cash-generating unit.
Due to performance issues in 2024 the investment in, and loans to, Group companies have been impairment 
tested 2024. The impairment test is based on pre-tax cash flow projections, derived from the financial budget 
approved by the Board of Directors and expected market developments. Beyond the 5-years period, we have 
applied a steady growth rate of 3% to calculate the terminal value using the Gordon Growth Model. Otovo has 
paused activities in Otovo BE B.V., Otovo B.V. and Otovo Limited. This implies that the Group is making no limited 
investments in marketing and personnel. Consequently, the cash flow projections have been set to 0 for these 
subsidiaries. The present value of free cash flows exceeds the carrying amounts for most subsidiaries. However, 
for Otovo France SAS and Otovo Iberic SL, additional to for the paused markets, the present value of future cash 
flows is lower than the carrying amount and the the investment in shares in the subsidiaries are partially 
impaired. Total impairment of investment in Group companies, reported in Impairment of financial assets, was 
NOK 193.1 million in 2024.
Company Otovo 
Iberic SL
Otovo 
France 
SAS
Otovo BE 
B.V.
Otovo 
B.V.
Otovo 
Limited
Long term growth rate (%) 3% 3% - - -
Average annual growth rate used 
in cash flow projections (%)
11% 9% - - -
Long term gross margin (%) 36.2% 30.9% - - -
Discount rate pre tax (%) 12.5% 12.5% - - -
Impairment 86 076 32 766 42 270 22 709 9 283
Page 144 Annual Report 2024
Related party balance items
Relationship to 
counterpart
Accounts 
receivables
Other 
receivables
Counterpart 2024 2023 2024 2023
Otovo AB Subsidiary 537 - 2 536 17 036
Otovo France SAS Subsidiary 464 - 3 041 11 556
Otovo Iberic SL Subsidiary 568 - 860 7 582
Otovo SRL Subsidiary 3 138 - 5 225 23 753
Otovo Sp. Z.o.o Subsidiary 4 053 - 4 923 10 445
Otovo GmbH (Germany) Subsidiary 1 137 - 3 841 13 530
Otovo GmbH (Austria) Subsidiary 1 441 - 2 997 8 597
Otovo Unipessoal LDA Subsidiary 2 077 - 1 196 5 289
Otovo Schweiz GmbH Subsidiary 1 043 - 2 665 8 049
Otovo Limited Subsidiary - - - 4 463
Otovo B.V. Subsidiary - - - 2 536
Otovo BE B.V. Subsidiary - - - 4 729
Otovo Shared Services SL Subsidiary - - 184 -
Distributed Energy Assets SLU Subsidiary - 99 - -
European Distributed Energy Assets Midco AS Subsidiary 3 693 - 3 848 -
Distributed Energy Assets SARL Subsidiary - - - -
European Distributed Energy Assets B.V. Subsidiary - 26 - -
Total 18 151 124 31 314 117 565
Note 10. Related party transactions and balances
Relationship to 
counterpart
Accounts 
payable
Other current 
liabilities
Counterpart 2024 2023 2024 2023
Otovo AB Subsidiary - - 1 517 6 779
Otovo France SAS Subsidiary 1 942 - - 5 202
Otovo SRL Subsidiary -686 - - 1 114
Otovo Unipessoal LDA Subsidiary 670 - - 2 771
Otovo Limited Subsidiary - - - 3 035
Otovo Sp. Z.o.o Subsidiary - - 3 798 1 242
Otovo Shared Services SL Subsidiary - - - 5 348
Otovo GmbH (Germany) Subsidiary 8 134 - - -
Otovo GmbH (Austria) Subsidiary 1 393 - - -
Total 11 804 - 5 315 25 492
Page 145 Annual Report 2024
Relationship to 
counterpart
Loan
Counterpart 2024 2023
Otovo AB Subsidiary 19 766 27 412
Otovo France SAS Subsidiary 22 045 42 689
Otovo Iberic SL Subsidiary 7 893 61 682
Otovo SRL Subsidiary 22 071 1 675
Otovo Sp. Z.o.o Subsidiary 15 666 33 398
Otovo GmbH (Germany) Subsidiary 160 328 109 083
Otovo GmbH (Austria) Subsidiary 72 048 26 910
Otovo Unipessoal LDA Subsidiary 9 524 20 324
Otovo Schweiz GmbH Subsidiary 54 073 17 391
Otovo Limited Subsidiary - 14 415
Otovo BE B.V. Subsidiary - 31 697
Otovo B.V. Subsidiary - 12 910
Otovo Shared Services SL Subsidiary 52 589 9 859
Total 436 004 409 444
Further explanation to related party balance items:
The companies in the Group are also related parties. Transactions and balances with subsidiaries 
are eliminated in the consolidated financial 
statements. Sale to and purchase from subsidiaries and associated companies are at market 
price and the transactions have similar conditions 
as transactions with independent parties. 
Other receivables and loans to Otovo B.V., Otovo BE B.V. and Otovo Limited have been impaired or 
provisioned for in full, as the the Group has hibernated all activities in the applicable markets 
during 2024, and the subsidiaries do not have funds available to settle the liabilities to the 
Company. 
Total impairment of loans, reported in Impairment of financial assets, was NOK 36.3 million in 2024. 
Total provision for other receivables, reported in Other operating expenses, was NOK 1.2 million in 
2024.
Balances on the balance sheet date are unsecured and interest-free, with the exception of the 
Loans which are subject to interest.
Page 146 Annual Report 2024
31 Dec 2024 31 Dec 2023
Accounts receivable 5 523 5 583
Provision for losses on accounts receivables -818 -764
Total 4 705 4 819
31 Dec 2024 31 Dec 2023
Restricted bank deposits 3 072 4 529
Note 11. Receivables
Note 12. Restricted funds
Page 147 Annual Report 2024
Share capital Number of shares Share price Carrying amount
Ordinary shares 280 007 384 0.9 252 006 646
The shareholders of Otovo ASA Number of shares % Total
Å Energi Invest AS 87 732 581 31.33%
Axel Johnson AB 68 686 696 24.53%
Nysnø Klimainvesteringer AS 19 306 931 6.90%
Codee Holding AS 11 000 000 3.93%
Andmar Operations AS 8 664 610 3.09%
Obos Bbl 7 261 870 2.59%
N.A. Citibank 7 000 000 2.50%
Akershus Energi Sol AS 6 312 420 2.25%
Verdipapirfondet Dnb Grønt Norden 5 874 863 2.10%
Citibank Europe Plc 3 600 000 1.29%
Simvest AS 2 528 127 0.90%
Beacon Group AS 1 807 730 0.65%
Bank Pictet & Cie (europe) AG 1 733 876 0.62%
Telinet Invest AS 1 402 678 0.50%
Roar Henden 1 288 660 0.46%
Verdipapirfondet Dnb Miljøinvest 1 259 570 0.45%
Erøy AS 1 217 916 0.43%
Nordnet Livsforsikring AS 1 005 367 0.36%
Emjo AS 839 000 0.30%
Gekko AS 732 330 0.26%
Remaining shareholders (less than 1%) 40 752 159 14.55%
Note 13. Share capital and shareholder information
Ordinary shares have a nominal value of NOK 0.01 each and all provide the same rights in the 
Company. 
The Company completed two capital increases during 2024 and issued 782,804 shares. In total, 
NOK 0.35 million, net of transaction costs, was raised through the capital increases.
At the end of the year, the Company owned 464,865 own shares, corresponding to 0.17% of the 
share capital. The average cost price for the shares was NOK 1.17. The shares were purchased in 
order to fulfill the Company's obligations to deliver shares under the Company's share purchase 
programme. 42.735 shares were delivered under the employee share purchase program during 
2024.
In addition to the own shares, the Company also held 287,207 shares in custody on behalf of 
employees as of 31.12.24.
Showing holdings as of 31 December 2024
Updated list of shareholders can be found at investor.otovo.com/stock-info
Page 148 Annual Report 2024
Shares, shares options, performance shares and retention shares held by CEO, other members of 
Executive Management and BoD, or by an entity controlled by these
Name Role Shares Share 
options
Perform.
shares
Retention 
shares
Total 
31.12.2024
Andreas Thorsheim CEO 8 664 610 3 000 000 - - 11 664 610
Other members for 
Group Management Management 2 858 797 2 883 334 - 42.735 5 784 866
Josefin Christina 
Landgård Board member 91 583 - - - 91 583
Zoë Wyon Board member 14 326 - - - 14 326
Name Shares
Å Energi Invest AS 87 732 581 
Axel Johnson AB 68 686 696 
Shares, shares options, performance shares and retention shares held by entities which have 
representation in the Board of Directors
Page 149 Annual Report 2024
Paid-in equity Share 
capital
Share 
premium
Other paid-in 
equity
Other 
equity
Total 
equity
Equity at 1 January 2024 2 792 1 834 616 84 960 -357 715 1 564 654
This year's change in equity - - - -260 873 -260 873
Issuance of shares 8 1 255 - - 1 263
Transaction costs on equity issues - -918 - - -918
Purchased back shares - - -514 - -514
Share-based payments, accrual - - 10 238 - 47 629
Equity at 31 December 2024 2 800 1 834 953 94 684 -618 587 1 313 851
Note 14. Equity
Page 150 Annual Report 2024
Otovo ASA on 28 March 2025 closed the transaction to sell its continental portfolio of subscription assets 
in Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Netherlands, Spain, Poland and Portugal to Swiss Life Asset 
Managers (“SLAM”). The transaction relates to the sale of 89% of the shares in eight special purpose 
vehicles holding a fleet of around 6,000 residential solar and battery leasing assets in the eight countries. 
The total transaction size on a 100% basis is EUR 105 million (NOK 1,209m) split on assets built between 
2020-2024 of EUR ~50 million (NOK 580m) closing in Q1; and continuous sale agreement of EUR ~55 
million where SLAM will continue to buy subscription assets until the end of Q3 2026. The cash release 
from the first close net of debt repayment and reinvestment is EUR 13 million (NOK 155m), whereas the 
estimated gross margin for the continuous sales agreement is 32%. The accounting effect of the 
transaction will be included in the Q1 2025 financial report. 
Note 15. Subsequent events
Page 151 Annual Report 2024
Auditor’s report
Page 152 Annual Report 2024
Page 153 Annual Report 2024
Page 154 Annual Report 2024
Page 155 Annual Report 2024
Page 156 Annual Report 2024
Appendix
06.
Page 157 Annual Report 2024
Subscription customers enter into 20 year contracts (10 for batteries) with the asset-owning entity 
EDEA, that purchases the system from Otovo. Ahead of the acquisition of EDEA, Otovo’s revenue on a 
subscription sale would be the same as on a direct sale. After the acquisition, revenue that stems 
from sale to EDEA is eliminated, and does no longer appear in the consolidated accounts.
As IFRS does not allow for recognising the fair value of a subscription contract, the Group has chosen 
to use Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) similar to those used by US peers in order to 
visualise the value related to the subscription business. In brief, the method consists of replacing 
traditional revenue by the present value of the 20 years’ (or 10 years’) cash flow that is generated 
from the subscription contract.
For an illustrative project in 2023, Otovo could typically have a margin of around 20 percent on a 
direct sale, so if the cost of installation of the system (COGS) is 100, the customer price and revenue 
would be 125 and the gross profit would be 25.
If the customer chose the subscription model, the subscription fee for the same system would 
typically be 1 per month or 12 per year adding up to 240 over 20 years. In addition the subscription fee 
is subject to annual, upward inflation adjustment. Assuming a conservative 2 percent inflation per 
year, the total payments over 20 years would be 290. Using a 5 percent discount rate in the 
alternative performance reporting, the net present value of this 20 years’ cash flow would be 175. 
These 175 are the net present value of the signed 20 year commitment the customer has entered in 
the period, and will be reported at the time of completed installation of the project and be labelled 
as “Contracted Subscription Revenue”.
A part of the subscription offering is maintenance on the system, so when looking at the profit 
generated over the lifetime of a subscription contract, the expected operations and maintenance 
(O&M) costs also have to be taken into account.
Alternative performance measures
Figure 1: Revenue and gross profit 
related to a direct purchase contract
Figure 2: Contracted Subscription 
Revenue related to a subscription 
contract
Page 158 Annual Report 2024
Otovo’s financial information is prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). In 
addition, the Company presents alternative performance measures (APM). In management’s view, the measures aim 
to provide relevant supplemental information of the Company’s financial position and performance. The APMs are 
regularly reviewed by management, are calculated consistently over time and are based on financial data presented 
in accordance with IFRS and other operational data as described in the table below.
Alternative Performance Measures
APM Definition & Description
Contracted 
Subscription 
Revenue ("CSR")
Net present value of contracted cash flows from subscription installations in the reporting period, adjusted with 
expected CPI increases (2% annually), and discounted at 5% annual discount rate. Contracted cash flows are the 
sum of monthly subscription fees over the subscription contract period.
The Company uses CSR to provide an estimate of the future cash inflows relating to the solar energy system 
installed during the reporting period. Subscription customers enter into a 20 year contract for solar energy 
systems, and a 10 year contract for batteries, paying a monthly price that is adjusted for inflation (CPI) annually. In 
order to terminate the contract a customer would have to either buy out the system or pay a fee, hence any 
buyout will have limited impact on the expected payments. Similar APMs are common in the industry in which 
Otovo operates, however it may be calculated differently and may not be comparable. The Company believes 
that CSR is a measure relevant to investors who want to understand the generation of future cash flows stemming 
from solar energy systems and batteries installed in the subscription business during the reporting period.
Subscription 
O&M costs ("S 
O&M")
Net present value of operation and maintenance cost relating to the fulfillment of subscription contracts over their 
lifetime (1% of installation cost).
The Company uses S O&M as it provides an estimate of the future cash outflows relating to the solar energy 
system installations belonging to the subscription business during the reporting period. Subscription customers 
enter into a 20 year contract for solar energy systems, and a 10 year contract for batteries. The replacement cost 
is mainly related to an expected inverter change in the middle of the contract period for solar energy system 
subscription assets. The Company believes that CSR is a measure relevant to investors who want to understand 
the generation of future cash flows stemming from solar energy systems and batteries installed in the 
subscription business during the reporting period.
Gross 
Subscription 
Profit ("GSP")
Contracted Subscription Revenue (CSR) less the cost of the subscription assets at the time of installation and less 
the Subscription O&M costs (S O&M).
The Company uses GSP as it provides an estimate of the net contribution relating to the solar energy systems and 
batteries installed in the Subscription SPV segment during the reporting period. The acquisition cost of the 
subscription asset is recognised as part of property, plant and equipment in the consolidated statement of 
financial position and amortised over 20 years for solar energy installations and 10 years for batteries. Hence, this 
acquisition cost is not reflected in the consolidated income statement in the reporting period the installation has 
been completed (only through regular depreciation), but is included for the purpose of calculating GSP. Similar 
APMs are common in the industry in which Otovo operates, however it may be calculated differently and may not 
be comparable. The Company believes that GSP is a measure relevant to investors who want to understand the 
generation of net cash flows stemming from solar energy systems and batteries installed in the Subscription SPV 
segment during the reporting period.
Revenue 
Generated
Revenue (as reported in the Company's consolidated income statement in line with IFRS), plus Contracted 
Subscription Revenue (CSR).
The Company uses Revenue Generated as it provides an estimate of the total estimated cash inflows relating to 
the solar energy system installations performed during the reporting period. In accordance with the Group 
accounting policy, revenue from customers in the Marketplace segment (as defined and further described in Note 
6 in the notes to the Group’s financial statements) s recognised in the reporting period the installation is 
physically completed, while for customers in the Subscription SPV segment, the revenue is recognised over the 
contract period which is 20 years for solar energy systems and 10 years for batteries. Revenue Generated is 
disregarding the timing differences which are required for revenue recognition, as reported under IFRS, between 
the segments, and is also reflecting that a subscription customer is more valuable to the business than a direct 
purchase customer. Similar APMs are common in the industry in which Otovo operates, however it may be 
calculated differently and may not be comparable. The Company believes that Revenue Generated is a measure 
relevant to investors who want to understand the generation of cash flows stemming from solar energy systems 
and batteries installed during the reporting period, independent of purchase model.
Page 159 Annual Report 2024
Alternative Performance Measures APM Definition & Description
Investment in 
Subscription 
Asset
Investment in tangible fixed assets in the Subscription SPV segment, equalling the amount the Group has paid, or 
is to pay, for the hardware and the installation work. The amount can be found in the elimination of cost of goods 
sold ("COGS") in the note for segment reporting in the Company's consolidated quarterly and annual reports.
Gross Profit Revenue less COGS (both as reported in the Company's consolidated income statement).
The Company uses Gross Profit as it provides an estimate of the total contribution from the solar energy systems 
and batteries installed in the reporting period for the customers in the Direct Purchase segment. The recurring 
subscription revenues are not included in this measure. Similar APMs are common in the industry in which the 
Company operates, however it may be calculated differently and may not be comparable. 
Gross Profit 
Generated
Gross Profit, plus Gross Subscription Profit (GSP). 
The Company uses Gross Profit Generated as it provides an estimate of the total contribution from the solar 
energy systems and batteries installed in the reporting period. In accordance with the Group accounting policies, 
revenue and COGS in the Direct Purchase Segment is recognised in the reporting period the installation is 
physically completed, while for customers in the Subscription SPV segment, the revenue and amortisation of the 
subscription assets is recognised over the contract period which is 20 years for solar energy systems and 10 years 
for batteries. Gross Profit Generated is eliminating the timing differences in revenue and cost recognition, as 
reported under IFRS, between the segments, and is also reflecting that a Subscription customer is more valuable 
to the business than a Direct Purchase customer. Similar APMs are common in the industry in which Otovo 
operates, however it may be calculated differently and may not be comparable. The Company believes that 
Gross Profit Generated is a measure relevant to investors who want to understand the generation of net 
contribution stemming from solar energy systems and batteries installed during the reporting period.
Gross Margin 
Generated (%)
Gross Profit Generated divided by Revenue Generated.
Accumulated 
Contracted 
Subscription 
Revenue 
("ACSR")
Net present value of all contracted cash flows in the portfolio over the remaining contract lifetime adjusted with 
expected CPI increases (2% annually), and discounted at 5% annual discount rate. 
From one reporting period to the next, the development in ACSR will typically be as follows:
Opening balance ACSR
+ CSR for the period 
- Subscription revenues (IFRS) for the period
- Buyout and defaults during the reporting period
+/- Foreign exchange rate effect 
=Closing balance ACSR
The Company uses ACSR as it provides an estimate of the accumulated future cash inflows relating to the solar 
energy systems and batteries held by the subscription business. Customers in the Subscription SPV segment enter 
into a 20 year contract for solar energy systems and a 10 year contract for batteries, paying a monthly fee that is 
adjusted for inflation (CPI) annually. Similar APMs are common in the industry in which Otovo operates, however it 
may be calculated differently and may not be comparable. The Company believes that ACSR is a measure 
relevant to investors who want to understand the expected future cash flows stemming from solar energy 
systems and batteries held by the subscription business.
EBITDA 
Generated
Operating profit/(loss), net of depreciation and amortisation and net of subscription revenues (all as reported in 
the Company's consolidated income statement), plus Gross Subscription Profit.
The Company uses EBITDA Generated as it provides an estimate of the EBITDA that would be derived if the 
Company had sold the subscription assets and related contracts for the solar energy systems and batteries 
installed during the reporting period. EBITDA Generated is eliminating the timing differences in revenue and cost 
recognition which otherwise are accounted for under IFRS. Similar APMs are common in the industry in which 
Otovo operates, however it may be calculated differently and may not be comparable. The Company believes 
that EBITDA Generated is a measure relevant to investors who want to understand the generation of earnings 
before investment in fixed and intangible assets and the Company's ability to service debt.
Page 160 Annual Report 2024
Alternative Performance Measures
Contracted subscription revenue
Revenue, Gross Profit and EBITDA Generated
(NOK 000') FY 2024 FY 2023
Cost of goods sold (COGS) to subscription segment 142,636 366,003
Batteries share of COGS to subscription segment 19% 9%
Solar Energy Systems (PV) share of COGS to subscription segment 81% 91%
COGS to subscription segment - PV 116,130 333,900
Lifetime of contracts - PV 20 20
Average yield (first year payment to COGS)- PV 0 0
First year subscription payment - PV 15,140 37,579
Nominal lifetime subscription payments, not inflation adjusted 302,794 751,578
Inflation adjustment 65,061 161,491
Reduction from discounting to present value -145,825 -361,959
Contracted subscription revenue - PV 222,030 550,272
COGS elimination - Batteries 26,506 32,103
Lifetime of contracts - Batteries 10 10
Average yield (first year payment to COGS)- Batteries* 19.0% 16.6%
First year subscription payment - Batteries 5,026 5,319
Nominal lifetime subscription payments, not inflation adjusted 50,265 53,194
Inflation adjustment 4,774 5,052
Reduction from discounting to present value -12,876 -13,626
Contracted subscription revenue - Batteries 42,163 44,555
Contracted subscription revenue - Total 264,192 594,827
(NOK 000') FY 2024 FY 2023
Revenue according to the Income Statement 565 611 996 211
Contracted subscription revenue (calculated) 264 192 594 020
Revenue Generated 829 803 1 590 231
Cost of goods sold according to the Income Statement 439 122 797 607
Investment in subscription assets 142 636 366 003
Subscription O&M cost (calculated) 14 472 41 193
Gross Profit Generated 233 573 385 427
Gross Margin Generated % 28.15% 24.24%
Operating profit/(loss) -380 008 -399 451
Subtract financial leasing -4 826 -2 292
Add back depreciation and amortisation 63 083 75 200
Add contracted subscription profit (calculated) 107 084 186 823
Subtract subscription revenue in the quarter -67 367 -77 217
EBITDA Generated -281 141 -216 942
Page 161 Annual Report 2024
Statement of use Otovo ASA has reported in accordance with the GRI Standards for the period January 1 to December 31, 2023
GRI 1 Used GRI 1: Foundations 2021
Applicable GRI Sector Standards Not applicable
GRI Standard Disclosure Location 
Omission: Requirements Omitted, 
Reason, Explanation
General Disclosures
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 
2021
2-1 Organisational Details Page 3: Otovo’ in brief
Headquartered in Torggata 7, 0181 Oslo, Norway
2-2 Entities included in the organisation's 
sustainability reporting
Page 31: Basis for Sustainability Statements Preparation
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and 
contact point
Otovo’s report on sustainability aligns with the financial report, and is included in the Company’s annual report, 
published in April for the period January 1 - December 31 of the preceding year (April 24, 2025). 
Contact point for questions about the sustainability report or reported information: 
Petter Ulset, petterul@otovo.com (Chief Financial Officer).
2-4 Restatements of information NA
2-5 External assurance The sustainability report has not been externally verified, but our work on human rights due diligence was supported 
by KPMG, and GHG reporting by Cemacys.
2-6 Activities, value chain and other 
business relationships
Page 37-38: Otovo’s value chain and key stakeholders
2-7 Employees Page 52: Our employees - Actual State of Gender Equality
2-8 Workers who are not employees In 2023 Otovo’s installation partners performed 10 673 installations. Number of involved workers is estimated to be 
2289 individuals based on the number of workers in each installation company and the number of installers. 
2-9 Otovo Governance structure and 
compositions
Page 15-20: Corporate Governance 
Page 28: Otovo’s Board of Directors 
2-10 Nomination and selection of the 
highest governance body
Page 17: Corporate Governance 
2-11 Chair of the highest governance 
body
Chair of the Otovo Board of Directors is Beatriz Malo de Molina
Beatriz Malo de Molina is not a senior executive of the organisation.
2-12 Role of the highest governance body 
in overseeing the management of 
impacts
Page 33-34: Sustainability statements - General - Governance
2-13 Delegation of responsibility for 
managing impacts
The overall accountability lies with the executive management, delegation of responsibility per material topics is 
described in:
Page 44: Sustainability statements - Environmental - Our approach and policies
Page 50: Sustainability statements - Our employees - Our approach and policies
Page 55: Sustainability statements - Workers in our value chain - Our approach and policies
Page 59. Sustainability statements - Governmental - Our approach and policies
2-14 Role of the highest governance body 
in sustainability reporting
Page 33-34: Commitment and Governance
The BoD is responsible for reviewing and approving the reporting information. Topic in audit committee and BoD 
meeting prior to publishing annual the report. 
 2-15 Conflicts of interest The Company handles conflict of interest and related party transactions in accordance with the Norwegian Public 
Limited Liability Companies Act. Conflicts of interest will be reported to stakeholder. There are no controlling 
shareholders.
2-16 Communication of critical concerns No critical concerns reported in 2024. 
2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest 
governance body
Discussions in Board of Directors’ meetings. 
2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the 
highest governance body
Otovo’s Board of Directors shall annually conduct a self-assessment, including its performance in overseeing the 
management of impacts. 
2-19 Remuneration policies Page 18: Corporate Governance Report - Board remuneration and Salary and remuneration of executive personnel
2-20 Process to determine remuneration See 2-19, in addition: 
The remuneration for the Board of Directors is set by the General Meeting based on a proposal from the nomination 
committee. The Board of Directors set the remuneration for the CEO based on proposal from the remuneration 
committee. The remuneration for the other members of Group management is set by the CEO in consultation with 
the remuneration committee and the Board of Directors.
Appendix A: GRI Index
Page 162 Annual Report 2024
GRI Standard Disclosure Location 
Omission: Requirements Omitted, 
Reason, Explanation
General Disclosures
2-21 Annual total compensation ratio The organisation’s highest paid individual is the CEO. 
The compensation ratio (CEO vs employee median): 3.2 
Contextual information: Based on full time employees in Norway, employed by Otovo ASA at year end. Total 
annual compensation ratio is calculated from base salary + achieved bonus + realised variable 
compensations (only valid for sales managers). 
2-22 Statement on sustainable 
development strategy
Page 30: Sustainability statements, Introduction from the CEO
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 
2021
2-23 Policy commitments https://www.otovo.no/a/humanrights/
Otovo’s Sustainability Policy
2-24 Embedding policy commitments Page 55-56: Sustainability statements - Workers in our value chain - Our approach and policies
2-25 Processes to remediate negative 
impacts
Page 50: Sustainability statements - Social - Our approach and policies
Under the Norwegian transparency Act, Otovo has a duty to respond to requests for information. Otovo has 
an internal procedure for handling requests. In 2024 Otovo received one inquiry related to PV module 
sourcing. In 2024 Otovo received no grievances through our external whistleblower channel. 
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and 
raising concerns
Page 50: Sustainability statements - Social - Our approach and policiesg
In addition, Otovo has a process for handling whistleblowing from employees, where top level escalation is 
the chair of Otovo’s Board of Directors. 
2-27 Compliance with laws and 
regulations
No known instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations have occurred during the reporting 
period
2-28 Membership associations Nelfo/NHO (Norwegian Association of Industry) and Solenergiklyngen (The Norwegian Solar Industry 
Association)
2-29 Approach to stakeholder 
engagement
Page 37-38: Sustainability statements - General - Otovo’s value chain and key stakeholders
and Appendix C: Stakeholder engagement
2-30 Collective bargaining agreements All employees in Otovo France and in Otovo Austria are covered by a collective bargaining agreement 
Material Topics
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-1 Process to determine material topics Page 39-42: Sustainability statements - General - Double materiality assessment
3-2 List of material topics Page 42: Sustainability statements - General - Overview of IROs
Environmental
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of material topics Page 43-44: Sustainability statements - Environmental - Details of our IROs
Appendix B: GHG model and emissions
GRI 305: 
Emissions 
2016
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions NA - Scope 1 is zero due to the nature of Otovo’s business model. 
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG 
emissions
Page 45-47: GHG Emissions and Intensity 
Additional details in Appendix B: GHG model and emissions
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG 
emissions
Page 45-47: GHG Emissions and Intensity 
Additional details in Appendix B: GHG model and emissions
305-4 GHG emissions intensity Page 47: Table:: GHG Emissions and intensity
Based on all GHG Emissions, incl Scope 3. 
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions Page 48: In 2024 we have purchased carbon credits for Otovo’s direct activities. 
Omitted: All 
Reason: Lack of baseline year
Explanation: Otovo will use 2022 as a baseline and have 
initiated process of setting Science Based Targets. 
Appendix A: GRI Index cont.
Page 163 Annual Report 2024
GRI Standard Disclosure Location 
Omission: Requirements Omitted, 
Reason, Explanation
Social - Workers in our value chain
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of material topics Page 55: Sustainability statements - Workers in our value chain - details on our IROs
GRI 403: 
Occupational 
Health and 
Safety 2018
403-7 Prevention and mitigation of 
occupational health and safety impacts 
directly linked by business relationships
Page 55-57
403-9 Work-related injuries Page 55-57: Workers in our value chain
a. No recorded injuries
b. Page 57: Health and safety events (we estimate that our installation partners have worked 213 
thousand hours on installation-site in 2024). 
c. Page 55: Details of our IROs
d. 55-57: Workers in our value chain
e. 1M hours worked (events also presented per 1k installations)
GRI 414: 
Supplier Social
Assessment 
2016
414-1 New suppliers that were screened 
using social criteria
All PV Module manufacturers on whitelist were screened using social criteria
414-2 Negative social impacts in the 
supply chain and actions taken
Page 55: Details on our IROs
GRI 409: 
Forced or 
Compulsory 
Labor 2016
409-1 Operations and suppliers at 
significant risk for incidents of forced or 
compulsory labor
Page 55: Details on our IROs
GRI 308: 
Supplier 
Environmental
Assessment 
2016
308-1 New suppliers that were screened 
using environmental criteria
Omitted in this report. Otovo has introduced an
environmental risk score and will develop
 this further in 2025. 
308-2 Negative environmental impacts in 
the supply chain and actions taken
Omitted in this report. Otovo has introduced an 
environmental risk score and will develop
 this further in 2025. 
Social - Our employees
GRI 3: Material 
Topics 2021
3-3 Management of material topics Page 49-50: Details of our IROs
GRI 405: 
Diversity and 
Equal
Opportunity 
2016
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and 
employees
Page 52: Actual State of Gender Equality
BoD is presented on page 53
Executive Management is presented on page 53
Additional info: 
a. i. Page 45: Table: Gender Balance in Board of Directors
ii: BoD: 72.5 % of members in age group 30-50, 37.5 % above 50. Group executive management: 100% in age 
group 30-50. 
b.i. Page 44-46: Actual State of Gender Equality
ii. In the Otovo Group: 33% of FTEs are below 30, 64% are in age group 30-50 and 3% are above 50.
Omitted: a and b point iii. 
Reason: Lack of updated indicators
Explanation: Otovo will work to improve recording of indicators
405-2 Ratio of basic salary and 
remuneration of women to
men
Page 53: Pay Gap Table
GRI 401: 
Employment 
2016
401-3 Parental leave a, b Page 52: Actual state of Gender Equality - Parental leave
Appendix A: GRI Index cont.
Page 164 Annual Report 2024
Appendix B: GHG model and emissions
GHG Emissions tCO2e Model Input
Scope 2: Indirect emissions from purchased energy
Electricity Market Based
(Location based
75.7
21.3
kWh * Local Market Based Mix
Scope 3: Indirect emissions not owned
Employee Commuting 60.6 Total travel distance per means of transport (employee 
survey)
Purchased goods and services, of which: 
Office electronics
Solar System Hardware (direct purchase)
23 874.6
163.9
23 710.7
Office electronics: Purchased units x EPD estimate / Cemasys 
verified
Solar System hardware: Installed components x product 
carbon footprint**
Business Travel 120.1 Total travel distance per means of transport. 
Upstream transportation and distribution, of 
which:
Sea freight / shipping
Installer Transportation
1 344.8
847
497.8
Shipping: Distance port to port * weight of installed hardware
Installer Transport: Roundtrip from installer to installation site 
in km * installation days (estimated installation time of 1 day 
per 12 panels)
Waste 12 FTEs * Cemsys Estimate (69 kgCO2e/FTE)
End-of-life treatment of sold products 106.8 Installed solar system components * EPD estimate / Cemasys 
verified
Capital Goods
Solar system hardware (subscription)
22 108 Installed components x product carbon footprint** 
** Product Carbon Footprint
Category Model Input
Hardware: Production (cradle - gate) Installed components * EPD estimate (Cemasys verified)
EPDs, LCAs and verification from Cemasys have been used to account for carbon 
footprints of solar system hardware manufacturing (A1 - A3).
Specific EPD estimates, per installed components: 
Solar Modules
Mounting Systems
Inverters String
Inverters Micro
Batteries
Heat Pumps
kgCO2e
617 
25.91
50
90
130
1200
per installed
kWp PV capacity
m2 PV module area
kW inverter capacity
kW inverter capacity
kWh storage capacity
unit
Hardware: End of life treatment Installed components * EPD estimate (Cemasys verified)
Specific EPD estimates, per installed components: 
Solar Modules
Inverters String
Inverters Micro
Batteries
Heat Pumps
kgCO2e
1.11
1.25
1.25
0.5
150
per installed
kWp PV capacity 
kW inverter capacity
kW inverter capacity
kWh storage capacity 
unit
Page 165 Annual Report 2024
Appendix C: Stakeholder Engagement 
Stakeholder Engagement (GRI 2-29)
Stakeholder Group Type of engagement Topics & Concerns Discussed
Investors 
(Financial 
Community)
Meetings, financial reporting, investor 
pages, press and stock exchange releases
● Financial performance
● Management’s strategic priorities
● Market development
● Impact of macroeconomic trends (inflation, interest rates, 
energy costs, etc.)
● Compliance & Governance
● Identify actual and potential impacts
● GHG Emissions
● Avoided emissions, including methodology
● Circularity
● Human Rights
Financiers / Banks Meetings ● Financial performance
● Growth / deployment of capital
● Performance of subscription assets
● Covenants, solvency & solidity
● Risk management, incl climate risks
● Market outlook
Installation Partners Communication through Otovo Installer 
platform, email, phone, meetings, third 
party inspections, webinars
● Occupational health and safety
● Quality Improvements
● Identify actual and potential impacts
Hardware 
Manufacturers
Email, meetings, industry meetups ● Human and labour rights
● GHG Emissions & Environmental Impact
● Policy commitments
Supply Chain 
Distribution Partners
Phone, email, meetings, fairs ● Human and labour rights
● GHG Emissions
● Cost efficiency
● Technology developments
Customers Phone, email, newsletters, webinars ● Environmental Impact of PV
● Financial savings
● GHG Emissions
● Market outlook
Employees ● Internal communication channels
● Company wide Otovo Lunch/town 
hall (biweekly)
● Working at Otovo Survey (monthly)
● Performance dialogues and reviews
● Working Environment Committee 
(Group level) and Safety 
representatives per country
● Impact Assessment Survey
● Diversity, Inclusion and equal opportunity
● Occupational health and safety
● Talent development
● Strategy
● Identify actual and potential impacts
● GHG Emissions and Climate Impact
Media Interviews, podcasts ● Financial performance
● Market outlook
● Relative sustainability merit of solar vs. other energy 
sources
Industry Associations Meetings, working groups, industry 
meetups. conferences
● Identify actual and potential impacts
● Inform about incentives, taxation and rules for solar and 
storage
● Ethical Supply Chains
● HSEQ
● Education programs and training
● Fire Safety
Governments, 
Authorities, 
Policymakers
Meetings ● Renewable Energy Transition Enabling
● Subsidies
● Policies
Otovo seeks to engage with a variety of stakeholders, to take account of the individuals and groups 
impacted by our way of working, operations, business relationships and strategic directions. 
Page 166 Annual Report 2024
Project / Unit
A PV system and/or a battery or heatpump
Direct sale
PV or battery systems paid for directly by the 
customer, including sales financed by the 
homeowner’s loan
Subscription
Customer relationships with recurring 
revenue, such as leases, service agreements, 
etc., relating to PV or battery system
Sold projects
Sold projects are the number of projects sold 
during the period less projects abandoned 
during the period
Abandoned project
An abandoned project is a project that has 
been canceled after the contract with the 
customer is signed
Installed project
An installed project is a project that has been 
physically completed, is capable of 
producing electricity, and can be invoiced by 
Otovo
Otovo Shared Service centre
Otovo’s operational hearth in Madrid 
providing high quality services to the rest of 
the Group allowing Otovo to shift resources 
efficiently between markets
System size
Otovo reports on the industry standard 
Watt-peak (Wp). The term System size refers 
to the average system size of sold/installed 
PV projects, measured in kWp
Battery attachment rate
The share of projects which include a battery
Ticket size
The total project price which the customer 
pays to Otovo for a direct sale
Cost per Wp
Calculated as the total project cost (i.e., ticket 
size) divided by the system size measured 
kWp.
Customers
Number of customers with an installed PV 
and/or battery system and/or heatpump, 
both from a direct sale and subscription
Definitions
Page 166 Annual Report 2024
Project pipeline
A project is included in the pipeline when the 
contract with customer has been signed and 
is excluded from the pipeline when the 
installation is completed or the project has 
been abandoned
Margin leakage
The delta in a project's gross margin from the 
time it's sold to installed arising from 
re-scoping, re-pricing or re-assigning the 
project to a new installer. Can be positive 
(gain) or negative (loss).
Discount Rate
The discount rate is used to discount future 
cash flows in order to calculate net present 
value under Otovos alternative performance 
measures . Currently 5%
Contracted Subscription Revenue (CSR)
Net present value of contracted cash flows 
coming from sales or installations in the 
period. The cash flows are calculated over 
the contract lifetime, adjusted with expected 
CPI increases (currently assumed at 2%)
Subscription O&M (S O&M)
Net present value of operation and 
maintenance cost relating to the fulfillment of 
subscription contracts over their lifetime 
(currently estimated at approx. 1% of COGS 
annually), including
replacement of equipment
Gross Subscription Profit (GSP)
Contracted subscription revenue less COGS 
and SO&M
Revenue generated
Revenue + Contracted Subscription revenue
Gross Profit generated
Gross profit + Gross Subscription Profit
EBITDA generated
Gross Profit Generated - total SG&A (Payroll & 
Related costs, Other Operating Expenses)
Accumulated Contracted Subscription 
Revenue (ACSR)
The accumulated CSR in the portfolio
Annual Recurring Revenue (ARR)
Annual recurring revenue from the leasing 
portfolio
Page 167 Annual Report 2024
Investor Relations Contacts
Investor Relations
ir@otovo.com
investor.otovo.com
Petter Ulset (CFO)
petterul@otovo.com
+47 93 60 26 43
Page 168 Annual Report 2024
Visit Otovo.com or get your batteries and
solar panels directly at:
otovo.no
otovo.se
otovo.fr
otovo.es
otovo.pl otovo.it
otovo.de
otovo.pt
otovo.at
otovo.ch
otovo.uk
otovo.nl otovo.be