Annual report
2025
Contents
North Energy at a glance ........................................... 3
Directors’ Report ..................................................... 7
Corporate Governance ............................................. 18
Financial Statements................................................ 25
Responsibility Statement .......................................... 59
Shareholder Information........................................... 57
Auditor’s report ........................................................ 58
 North Energy at a glance | 3
North Energy at a glance
North Energy ASA (“North Energy” or “The Company”) remains committed to our longstanding vision of 
generating attractive shareholder returns through strategic investments across the energy value chain 
and adjacent sectors. As an industrial investment company, we leverage our industry knowledge 
to identify positions in assets aligned with the global energy trends and transitions. Our approach 
emphasizes targeted value creation rather than passive holding, with a strategy of active ownership. 
As energy landscapes evolve, the underlying investment prospects follow. Our commitment to driving 
value through active asset optimization and stewardship persists as a core differentiation hallmark of The 
Company’s identity. 
The year 2025 in brief: 
• Comprehensive loss of 40.2 MNOK
• Dividend adjusted decline in net asset value of 11.7% 
• Continued work on developing our portfolio of investments 
2025 was a year of continued optimizing of asset allocation and liquidity 
management. The Company has maintained its core industrial investments 
in Reach Subsea ASA ("Reach Subsea") and Wind Catching Systems AS 
("WCS") alongside continued assessment of potential new holdings across 
the energy value chain. North Energy's financial investments underwent 
substantial changes with investments in new positions during 2025, utilizing 
the Company’s available liquidity. At the end of 2025 the financial investments had a total market value of NOK 82.2 million, consisting of shares in 
Fugro N.V. (“Fugro”) and Hafnia Limited (“Hafnia”), combined with bonds in 
Petrofac Limited (“Petrofac”) and Interoil Exploration ASA (“Interoil”). 
The Company remained under the leadership of co-Chief Executive Officers 
Rachid Bendriss and Didrik Leikvang in 2025. At the close of the fiscal year, 
the Company had retained its compact operational structure, with the Oslo 
headquarters staffed by 3 full-time employees in total. Backed by cohesive 
leadership and efficient operations, North Energy remains well positioned 
to carry its vision forward as it progresses into the coming year. The Company is listed on the Euronext Expand Oslo Stock Exchange with the ticker 
“NORTH”.
4 | North Energy at a glance
MNOK 2025 2024
Earnings before tax -40.1 58.1
Tax -0.1 0
Net result -40.2 58.1
Total Assets 401.5 374.7
Equity 309.7 367.5
Equity % 77% 98%
Net asset value* 515.0 603.3
Market capitalisation 31.12** 293.1 300.0
*Net asset value is the market value of the company’s investments, cash and other assets less the company’s liabilities.
** Market capitalisation is the closing stock price at the end of the year multiplied by the number of shares in the company.
Key figures
 Dear shareholder | 5
Directors’ 
report
 Directors’ report | 7
AS (“WCS”), where both are companies where 
we have two representatives on the board. 
Industrial Holdings constituted 83% of our 
portfolio at year end 2025. 
Financial Investments: 
Investments where we seek to generate returns 
from opportunistically investing our excess 
liquid funds. Financial Investments constituted 
17% of our portfolio at year end 2025, with 
our holding in Fugro N.V. (“Fugro”) shares and 
Petrofac Ltd (“Petrofac”) senior secured notes 
as the largest positions in this segment. 
The Board has considered whether North Energy 
can be classified as an alternative investment 
fund (AIF) subject to regulation by the Financial 
Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet). 
North Energy is an industrial holding company 
that seeks to generate long-term value by 
exercising strategic influence through ownership 
interest. The main purpose of this is to achieve 
returns primarily by ownership in companies 
that generate value from their operations, and 
not through buying and selling companies and 
financial instruments. Against this background, it 
is thus the Board's conclusion that North Energy 
should not be classified as an AIF.
At the end of 2025, North Energy had three fulltime employees, which is the same as the end 
of last year.
Industrial Holdings: 
Investments where we seek to generate 
long-term value creation by driving strategic 
direction and strategic prioritization through 
board representation and active ownership. The 
Industrial Holdings segment currently consists 
of our investments in Reach Subsea ASA 
(“Reach Subsea”) and Wind Catching Systems 
North Energy’s current mandate from 
shareholders is to own, manage and provide 
financing for activities within the energy industry, 
and other industries where the company has 
relevant competence. The Company is an 
industrial holding company with a portfolio 
of independent investments, both listed and 
unlisted, organized in two separate segments.
Board of Directors’ Report 2025 
The business
North Energy ASA (“North Energy” or “Company”) was established in 2007 with the goal 
of exploring commercial accumulations of oil and gas on the Norwegian Continental 
Shelf (“NCS”). In May 2016, an extraordinary general meeting resolved a new strategy 
and business model whereby North Energy would become an industrial holding 
company pursuing investment opportunities in the energy sector. In July 2017, the 
Board of Directors of North Energy decided to discontinue the Company’s petroleum 
activities on the NCS and to close the subsidiary North E&P, which was the base for all 
petroleum activities in North Energy. The closure of North E&P and the simplification 
of the Company’s legal structure was completed in 2020, resulting in a structure with 
only one legal entity, North Energy, holding all investments and carrying out business 
activities. Towards the end of 2022, North Energy established two new subsidiaries 
and moved the ownership of the company’s shares in Reach Subsea ASA and Wind 
Catching Systems AS to each subsidiary respectively. The Company’s business is 
conducted from its offices located in Oslo.
8 | Directors’ report
Important events
Market development
In 2025, the global economy was impacted by 
mounting geopolitical tensions causing shifts in 
global trade flows, while inflationary pressures 
eased although at a lower than expected 
pace. The year kicked off with the new Trump 
administration initiating a tariff war against all 
its trade partners, which created significant 
uncertainties as to the impact on global trade, 
economic growth and inflation. Simultaneously, 
the war in Ukraine continued at full force, while 
Israel’s war on Hamas in Gaza found a temporary 
solution when the US-brokered ceasefire plan 
was announced in October. While the real 
economic effects of these geopolitical events 
have yet to pan out in economic data, the impact 
has partially been seen in a more subdued 
growth outlook leading businesses to take a 
more cautious view on capital spending plans.
In the energy markets the main headline was 
OPEC’s revised strategy, where the cartel sought 
to reclaim market shares that it gave away to 
protect oil prices in the wake of the COVID 
pandemic. Consequently, oil prices declined 
throughout the year leading energy companies 
to curb spending plans. Furthermore, the 
headwinds for offshore wind continued with 
cost overruns on existing projects and multiple 
auctions for new acreage being cancelled or 
receiving zero bids.
Despite these events, corporate earnings held 
up well and financial markets continued to 
perform strongly throughout the year. Equity 
indices reached all-time highs across several 
markets, although there were large sector 
variations with perceived beneficiaries of the AI 
boom and increased defence spending being 
the winners, while interest rate sensitive sectors 
and the energy sector were the relative losers.
Reach Subsea ASA 
Reach Subsea is a company listed on Oslo Stock 
Exchange which has the objective to become 
a leading subsea service provider, offering 
solutions to survey the seabed and solutions 
for maintaining the integrity of the client’s 
subsurface equipment and infrastructure.
Reach Subsea experienced a set-back in 
profitability in 2025 with operating profit 
declining from the record high levels in 2024. 
The decline was driven by lower utilization, 
pricing pressure, and extraordinary expenses 
associated with introduction of Reach Remote 
into commercial operations. While performance 
in the first half was sound and ahead of the 
corresponding period in 2024, the effect of 
market headwinds and the extraordinary Reach 
Remote expenses impacted the second half 
heavily. Part of the market headwinds were 
related to energy clients responding to lower 
energy prices by postponing projects to 2026. 
Some evidence of this is found in Reach Subsea 
reporting that the outstanding tender volume 
and firm order backlog at the end of 2025 rose 
back to year-ago levels after having trailed 
behind in the second and third quarter of 2025.
The Reach Remote project, a new innovative 
solution for providing subsea services on a 
remote and autonomous basis, had several 
landmark events taking place during the year 
marking the start of commercial operations. 
The first unit, Reach Remote 1, was delivered 
in the first quarter and entered the second 
quarter with a pilot programme, supported 
by Equinor, TotalEnergies, and several other 
energy companies. Through the pilot, Reach 
Remote 1 demonstrated its capabilities through 
executing five different work scopes that were 
pre-defined by the participating pilot clients, 
thereby qualifying the technology and concept. 
Following the pilot, Reach Remote 1 was fully 
commercialized during the second half, serving 
various clients with remote controlled subsea 
services. Reach Remote 2 was delivered in 
the third quarter and was sent to Australia for 
start-up of commercial operations for Woodside 
gathering monitoring data on the Scarborough 
gas field. Now that the first Reach Remote 
units have demonstrated actual capabilities, 
client interest has increased and Reach Subsea 
reports outstanding tenders of NOK 1 billion at 
the end of 2025.
 Directors’ report | 9
grants from Enova. Further engineering work has 
been performed in 2025 with key focus areas 
being marine engineering and equipment design 
in partnership with Tier 1 equipment providers 
to optimise the operating performance of the 
unit. Furthermore, discussions are ongoing with 
respect to strategic partnerships and future 
client adoption of the WCS concept.
North Energy has a shareholding of 22% in the 
company and is represented on the board of 
directors with one member and one observer.
Financial investments
North Energy’s portfolio of financial investments 
underwent substantial changes during 2025, 
with the Company exiting its remaining position 
subsea services from a remote platform, a 
broader base of frame agreements and recurring 
clients, built-in flexibility in its portfolio of 
chartered-in conventional subsea vessels, and 
backed by a sound financial position with some 
NOK 600 million in cash and working capital at 
the end of 2025.
The Reach-share has during the year provided 
a total return, including dividends, of -8%, 
equivalent to a value reduction of NOK 32.0 
million to North Energy. North Energy has a 
shareholding of 15.5% in Reach Subsea and is 
represented with two members on the board of 
the company. 
Wind Catching Systems AS 
WCS is a developer of floating offshore wind 
technology and intends to enable offshore 
wind operators and developers to produce 
electricity at a cost that competes with other 
energy sources, without subsidies. The company 
is currently developing floating multi-turbine 
technology (“WCS concept”) that is expected 
to cut acreage use by more than 80% and 
increase efficiency significantly in comparison to 
conventional floating offshore wind farms.
Wind Catching Systems continued making good 
progress in developing its innovative solution for 
floating offshore wind production and attracted 
further financial support through additional 
With the successful introduction of Reach 
Remote 1 and 2, Reach Subsea went ahead 
with the scale-up plan through ordering Reach 
Remote 3 and 4 from Kongsberg Maritime, 
with expected delivery in 2027. Reach has 
also announced that it is in the process of 
evaluating options to accelerate the scale-up of 
Reach Remote. The rationale being that remote 
operation of unmanned vessels and ROVs 
inherently is an economy of scale business, 
where critical mass is required to fully extract 
the cost benefits and build competitive entry 
barriers. 
During the first quarter Wilhelmsen New Energy 
AS exercised its remaining 44.7 million warrants 
in Reach, providing Reach with NOK 147 million 
in new equity to partly fund new Reach Remote 
units. Following this, North now holds an 
ownership stake of 15.5% in Reach Subsea.
At the start of the third quarter Reach 
successfully completed its inaugural bond 
issue, raising NOK 500 million through a 3-year 
senior unsecured bond. Through this, Reach 
has opened access to a new channel for future 
capital needs, contributing to diversifying its 
funding sources.
The company is well positioned for the future, 
despite the profit setback in 2025, with a first 
mover advantage in commercializing advanced 
10 | Directors’ report
affected by weak markets as well as significant 
deferrals and postponements of projects, both in 
the offshore wind as well as the oil & gas sector. 
Fugro has responded by initiating a restructuring 
programme aimed at reducing operating 
expenses by EUR 120 million, as well as cutting 
future capex plans. The company’s strategic and 
financial position remains strong, and it is well 
positioned to benefit from a normalisation of 
market conditions.
At the end of the year, the Company’s financial 
investments had a market value of NOK 82.2 
million, comprised of shares in Fugro at NOK 
40.2 million, senior secured notes in Petrofac at 
NOK 37.9 million, shares in Hafnia at NOK 2.4 
million and bonds in Interoil at NOK 1.5 million. 
Financial investments generated an overall result 
of NOK -16.1 million in 2025. 
Other investments
Tyveholmen AS, which is 50% owned and 
accounted for as an associated company, 
contributed with a profit of NOK 0.3 million in 
2025, down from NOK 0.4 million in 2024.
Net asset value
As per year-end 2025, North Energy had NOK 
503.5 million in total investments measured at 
market value, while the net asset value which 
includes cash and other assets and liabilities, 
was NOK 515.0 million. The corresponding figures 
plan in July, which later resulted in the holding 
company being put under administration in 
October. The operating subsidiaries of the 
Petrofac continues normal trading. In December 
Petrofac announced the sale of its Asset 
Solutions business to CB&I, which upon closing 
is expected to release USD 45-55 million in 
proceeds to secured creditors (equivalent 
to 5.6-6.9% of face value). Meanwhile, the 
administrators are exploring additional M&A and 
restructuring options for the rest of the Petrofac 
group to realize further proceeds for secured 
creditors. As a senior secured noteholder, North 
Energy still expects to realize values in excess 
of our historical cost, however the timing and 
outcome is subject to significant uncertainty.
During the second and third quarter, the 
Company made a new investment in shares in 
Fugro, the world’s leading geo-data specialist 
which collects and analyzes comprehensive 
information about the Earth and the structures 
built upon it. Fugro has world leading expertise 
in both site characterization and asset integrity, 
and supports clients in the safe, sustainable and 
efficient design, construction and operation of 
their assets throughout the full lifecycle. Fugro 
has both marine and land-based operations 
and performs a wide range of services, including 
both geotechnical and geophysical surveys, as 
well as a range of ancillary services. In 2025 the 
financial performance of Fugro has been strongly 
in Thor Medical ASA, and building new positions 
in shares in Fugro and senior secured notes 
issued by Petrofac. In addition, the Company 
executed several minor trades in various 
investments as part of its liquidity management. 
The investment in Petrofac was made in the first 
quarter, where the Company bought USD 18.8 
million of nominal amount in senior secured 
notes at an average cash price of less than 15% 
of par. At the end of 2024, Petrofac announced 
the key terms of a Lock-Up Agreement and 
comprehensive financial restructuring with the 
purpose of establishing a sustainable balance 
sheet going forward. That plan failed when the 
Court of Appeal overturned the restructuring 
 Directors’ report | 11
Net financial items for 2025 were positive at 
NOK 6.1 million, versus NOK 4.5 million for 
2024. The positive figure this year is related to 
interest income from bank deposits and foreign 
exchange gain offset by interest expenses on 
borrowing, while last year’s figure consisted 
mainly of interest income from bonds offset by 
interest expenses on borrowings. 
The result before tax in 2025 is a loss of NOK 
40.1 million compared to an income of NOK 
58.1 million reported last year. The loss this year 
is mainly due to a negative change in fair value 
of financial investments of NOK 16.1 million, 
and a negative contribution from investments 
in associates of NOK 1.2 million, and operating 
expenses of NOK 28.9 million. 
Change in reported deferred tax in 2025 was nil, 
which is the same as last year. The company 
has deferred tax assets of NOK 18.7 million that 
are not recognised in the balance sheet at the 
end of the year. 
Comprehensive loss for the year 2025 was 
NOK 40.2 million, compared to an income 
for the year 2024 of NOK 58.1 million. The 
comprehensive loss amounts to both basic and 
diluted earnings per share of negative NOK 0.34 
this year, versus positive NOK 0.50 per share in 
2024.
Financial statements for the North 
Energy Group
Revenues reported in 2025 were NOK 0.1 million 
which is the same as in 2024. The revenues 
for 2025 are related to sales of consultancy 
services. Payroll and related expenses in 2025 
were NOK 22.8 million, compared to NOK 15.3 
million in 2024. The increase this year compared 
to last year is due to increased bonus payment 
to employees which was based on strong 
performance in 2024, and wage adjustment. 
Other operating expenses in 2025 was NOK 4.6 
million, down from NOK 8.5 million in 2024. The 
decrease in other operating expenses is primarily 
due to settlement of a VAT claim in 2024 
stemming from previous years.
Operating loss for 2025 was at NOK 46.1 
million, versus an operating income of NOK 53.6 
million for 2024. The loss this year is mainly 
due to negative change in the value of financial 
investments as well as negative results from 
associated companies while the income last 
year was mainly from positive change in the 
value of financial investments and income from 
associated companies. This year the investment 
in the associated company Reach Subsea 
contributed with a net profit through profit and 
loss of NOK 8.8 million and the associated 
company Wind Catching Systems contributed 
with a net loss of NOK 10.4 million for the year. 
from 2024 were NOK 504.7 million in investments 
and NOK 603.3 million in net asset value. 
Adjusted for dividends paid of NOK 17.6 million 
during 2025, net asset value decreased by 12%.
Going concern
Pursuant to section 3-3a of the Norwegian 
Accounting Act, the Board confirms the going 
concern assumption and that the financial 
statements are prepared on this basis. That 
assumption rests on the Company’s financial 
position, as well as forecast for 2025. 
Comments on the annual financial 
statements
The consolidated financial statements of North 
Energy ASA have been prepared in accordance 
with IFRS® Accounting Standards as adopted 
by the EU (IFRS) and in accordance with 
the additional requirements pursuant to the 
Norwegian Accounting Act. The consolidated 
figures for 2025 and 2024 are for the Group 
consisting of North Energy ASA and the 
subsidiaries North Industries 1 AS and North 
Industries 2 AS. 
The Board is not aware of any significant 
considerations that affect the assessment of 
the Company’s position as of December 31, 
2025, or the net result for the year, other than 
those presented in the Directors’ report and the 
financial statements. 
12 | Directors’ report
The main differences in the statement of 
financial position between the parent company 
and the group are related to the valuation of the 
subsidiaries using historical costs in the parent 
company compared to the equity method in the 
group. 
The Board regards the Company’s financial 
position as of end 2025 as solid. 
Allocation of net profit 
The Board of North Energy proposes that the net 
loss of NOK 17.3 million in the parent company 
is transferred from other equity. Further, based 
on the dividend policy, the Board proposes to 
distribute a cash dividend of NOK 0.13 per share 
to shareholders. The proposed dividend of total 
NOK 15.2 million is subject to approval at the 
Annual General Meeting.
Corporate governance
Corporate governance in North Energy is based 
on the Norwegian code of practice for corporate 
governance. A separate status report related 
to the code has been included in this Annual 
Report. Any non-compliance with the code is 
specified and explained in the status report. 
The Board intends to take account of all factors 
relevant to the Company’s overall risk picture. 
By doing so, it aims to ensure that the collective 
operational and financial exposure is at a 
The Company has no costs, and no activities, 
related to research and development.
Financial statements for North Energy 
ASA
The parent company reported a loss of NOK 17.3 
million for the year compared to a profit of NOK 
33.3 million last year. The loss this year is mainly 
due to operating expenses and negative change 
in fair value of financial investments while the 
profit last year was mainly due to positive change 
in fair value of financial investments.
Net cash flow for the parent company was 
negative NOK 0.8 million compared to NOK 96.2 
million last year. The cash flow this year can be 
broken down into net cash used on sale and 
purchase of financial investments of NOK 67 
million, cash spent on operating activities of NOK 
21.5 million and dividend paid to shareholders 
of NOK 17.6 million, offset by dividend received 
from subsidiaries of NOK 21.1 million, and 
drawdown on the bank facility of NOK 85.9 
million. Last year’s positive cash flow was mainly 
from the net sale and purchase of financial 
investments of NOK 124.9 million, loans repaid 
from subsidiaries of NOK 11.8 million, dividend 
received from subsidiaries of NOK 6 million, 
offset by cash spent on operating activities of 
NOK 18.9 million, dividend paid to shareholders 
of NOK 11.7 million, and repayment of bank 
facility of NOK 13.6 million. 
Total assets at year-end were NOK 401.5 million, 
up from NOK 374.7 million at year-end 2024. 
The increase is mainly due to an increase in the 
financial investments partly offset by a decrease 
in book value of associated companies.
Total equity at the end of the year was NOK 
309.7 million, down from NOK 367.5 million at 
the end of 2024. The decrease is explained by 
total comprehensive loss of NOK 40.2 million 
for 2025 and distribution of dividend of NOK 
17.6 million. The Company’s equity ratio stood 
at 77% at the end of the year. 
The Company has a multicurrency credit facility 
with DNB for a total amount of NOK 100 million. 
The Company uses listed financial investments 
as collateral for the credit facility. At year-end 
the facility was utilized with NOK 82.3 million.
North Energy recorded NOK 101.1 million in 
cash at the end of the year. This is slightly down 
from NOK 102.0 million at the end of last year. 
The net negative cash flow of NOK 0.7 million 
in 2025, is due to net cash used in operating 
activities of NOK 21.7 million, net cash used 
in investing activities of NOK 45.7 million, 
financed by net cash from financing activities 
of NOK 66.7 million. Available liquidity, which 
includes cash and unutilised credit facility, 
amounted to NOK 118.8 million.
 Directors’ report | 13
changing conditions in the specific marketplace 
in which the Company makes investments. 
Sources of market risk include changes in market 
sentiment as well as recessions, political turmoil, 
changes in interest rates, natural disasters, 
climate changes and regulatory changes related 
to climate, and terrorist attacks. 
In 2025, several key market risks stood out. 
One of the most significant was the tariff war 
initiated by the new Trump administration in the 
US, creating significant uncertainty about the 
implications for world trade and, consequently, 
economic growth and inflation. The resulting 
political conflict between the US and its 
main trading partners added to the existing 
geopolitical instability caused by the prolonged 
Russia-Ukraine war. These geopolitical tensions 
created uncertainties in global markets, affecting 
investor sentiment and leading to increased 
volatility.
Another major risk was stubborn inflation, 
especially in developed markets. Efforts to bring 
down inflation have been partly successful, 
although it has remained higher than policy 
targets, driven primarily by the service sector. 
Central banks have started cutting Interest rates, 
but at a slower pace than many had expected, 
which in turn impacted consumer spending and 
business investments. 
The Company’s Articles of Association provide 
no guidance on the composition of the Board, 
other than that it must comprise of three to nine 
Directors. The articles do not authorise the Board 
to purchase the Company’s own shares or to 
issue shares. 
Risk assessment
Overall objectives and strategy
North Energy’s financial risk management is 
intended to ensure that risks of significance for 
the Company’s goals are identified, analysed, 
and managed in a systematic and cost-efficient 
manner. The Company is exposed to financial 
risk in various areas, as described below.
Monitoring of risk exposure and assessment of 
the need to deploy financial instruments are 
pursued continuously.
Operational risk
North Energy is an enterprise where operational 
risk is closely related to its expertise and the 
integrity of our IT systems. The Company 
therefore devotes attention to developing 
its expertise and organisation, ensuring that 
measures for cyber security are up to date, and 
to its management systems. 
Market risk
With a growing investment business, North Energy 
is exposed to market risk involving the risk of 
satisfactory level. In accordance with market 
practice for listed companies the Company has 
purchased liability insurance to cover individual 
and collective liability exposure for the board 
members and CEO. 
North Energy’s Articles of Association contain 
no provisions which wholly or partly exceed 
or restrict the provisions in chapter 5 of the 
Norwegian Public Companies Act.
Several considerations, which collectively 
ensure a good and broad composition, have 
been considered when electing the Board. These 
include an appropriate gender distribution, good 
strategic understanding, industry competence 
and financial expertise, a good division between 
owner-based and independent candidates. 
The Board functions collectively as an Audit 
Committee.
Instructions have been developed and adopted 
for the CEO, the Board and the Company’s 
Nomination Committee. The instructions for 
the Board specify its principal duties and the 
responsibilities of the CEO towards the Board, as 
well as guidelines for handling matters between 
the Board and the executive management. The 
instructions for the Nomination Committee 
specify its mandate and provide guidelines on its 
composition and mode of working.
14 | Directors’ report
responsible, and ethically sound manner. North 
Energy will remain focused on protecting health 
of employees and communities and continue to 
follow advice from public health officials. 
Climate risk
Climate risk is the potential for climate change 
to create adverse consequences for human 
or ecological systems. This includes impacts 
on lives, livelihoods, health and wellbeing, 
economic, social and cultural assets and 
investments, infrastructure, services provision, 
ecosystems and species. For North Energy, 
it can be defined in practical terms as the 
measure of vulnerability to climate-related 
impacts that have financial consequences, or 
that may affect various aspects of financial 
performance. There are two types of climate risk 
that the company need to be aware of: physical 
climate risk and transition climate risk. 
Physical climate risk describes the potential 
for physical damage and financial losses as a 
result of increasing exposure to climate hazards 
resulting from climate change. The impact of 
physical climate risk on North Energy’s direct 
business operation is regarded as low. 
Transition climate risks are business risks 
related to a transition away from fossil fuels and 
other greenhouse gas-emitting activities. The 
impact of transitional climate risks on North 
partly utilized the new credit facility during the 
year. Fluctuations in interest rates may also 
affect the financial position of and the market 
valuation of our investments and through that 
affect our equity. 
Credit risk
The Company’s receivables are as of end 2025 
marginal and the risk of bad debts is, therefore, 
considered negligible. 
Foreign exchange
The foreign exchange risk through transactions 
is low due to limited volumes. However, 
the Company invest in securities that are 
registered in foreign currencies and are through 
these investments exposed to exchange rate 
fluctuations. In addition, the Company has 
borrowings in both EUR and USD which are 
impacted by exchange rate fluctuations. 
HSE and the natural environment
The work environment in North Energy is 
regarded as satisfactory. No incidents or 
accidents relating to North Energy’s activities 
were reported in 2025. North Energy’s goal is to 
prevent any incidents or accidents to employees 
or partners working with the Company and to 
conduct business in a way that will not damage 
the environment. Based on best judgement, 
the Company’s employees will conduct 
their operations in a safe, environmentally 
A negative development in the oil price was 
another risk that particularly affected companies 
where North Energy typically is invested. OPEC 
decided to strategically recoup market shares 
by releasing oil volumes to that were previously 
withheld to support oil prices in the wake of the 
COVID pandemic. These factors collectively 
posed significant risks to global financial stability 
in 2025.
Liquidity risk
The Group’s ongoing financing needs are 
forecasted on a continuous basis, and the level 
of activity is tailored to liquidity. The Company’s 
primary source of funding is equity while the 
primary source of cash income is dividend 
income and interest income from investments. 
North Energy has a solid balance sheet and a 
sound financial situation with limited liabilities. 
Also, it is North Energy’s assessment that 
the main investments have sound financial 
positions, limiting the risk of unforeseen 
requirements for liquidity contributions from 
North Energy. However, changes in business 
conditions might weaken our main investments' 
financial positions, which might affect North 
Energy’s liquidity longer term. 
Interest rate risk
During 2025 the Company was directly exposed 
to interest rate changes as the company has 
 Directors’ report | 15
long term value creation. The Company stands 
forward as an industrial investment company, 
based on active ownership, and with a growing 
portfolio of investments. 
North Energy’s current mandate from 
shareholders is to own, manage and provide 
financing for activities within the energy 
industry, and other industries where the 
company has relevant competence. The 
Company is an industrial holding company with 
a portfolio of independent investments, both 
listed and unlisted, organized in two segments 
being Industrial holdings and Financial 
Investments.
North Energy’s most important contribution 
to society is to create value and invest in 
companies that operate in an environmentally, 
ethically, and socially responsible manner. 
The Board of North Energy gives emphasis 
to a positive contribution being made by the 
Company to those sections of society affected 
by its operations, while simultaneously looking 
after the interests of its owners. The Company 
follows this up by integrating social and 
environmental considerations in its strategy, 
procedures, and day-to-day operations. 
The operations of the company North 
Energy ASA have negligible effect on the 
will be based on the principle of equal 
opportunity. 
At the Company’s General Meeting in May 2025, 
the Board of Directors were re-elected. Out of 
the three directors elected, one is female. 
The rate of absence due to illness during 2025 
was below 1 per cent of total hours worked. 
The Board considers it to be of importance that 
employees regard North Energy as a safe and 
motivating workplace. 
Remuneration is determined in accordance 
with the content of the work and the employee’s 
qualifications. The remuneration of the 
executive management is described in the notes 
to the financial statements. Also, in accordance 
with the Public Limited Liability Companies Act 
§ 6-16, the guidelines for remuneration to senior 
executives in North Energy ASA was adopted 
by the Annual General Meeting in 2025. The 
signed remuneration report for 2025 will be put 
forth the Annual General Meeting in 2026 and is 
published together with the annual report. The 
remuneration report can be found on 
www.northenergy.no.
Corporate social responsibility (“CSR”)
North Energy’s vision is to be a successful and 
respected investment company with focus on 
Energy’s investment business is somewhat 
higher as these risks may impact the various 
investments adversely. The rapid transition away 
from energy production from traditional fossil 
fuels might result in stranded assets, increased 
capital expenditure, loss of market share, legal 
liabilities from failing to comply with regulatory 
requirements, for some of the investments. 
To mitigate this risk, North Energy manages 
and diversifies the portfolio of investments 
by introducing investments in companies 
benefiting from transitional climate risks, such 
as Wind Catching Systems. Within our industrial 
investment Reach Subsea, the transitional 
climate risk is partly mitigated by increasing 
services delivered to business sectors benefiting 
from the energy transition and the introduction of 
the Reach Remote solution that will dramatically 
reduce the carbon footprint of subsea services 
and reduce the personnel risk, amongst other.
Human resources and equal 
opportunities
North Energy had at the end of the year three 
employees, and the Company office is in Oslo.
North Energy aims to have a good gender 
balance and is an equal opportunity employer 
irrespective of gender, religion, race, disability, 
national origin, or age. Currently there are only 
male employees, however, future recruitments 
16 | Directors’ report
Ownership 
North Energy had 1,726 shareholders at yearend 2025 and the top 20 owners together held 
70.9 percent of the shares in the North Energy. 
The share price on the last day of trading in 
2025 was NOK 2.5, while on the last day of 
trading in 2024 the share price was NOK 2.52. 
The share price peaked at NOK 3.19 on 8 
August, while the lowest price in 2025 was NOK 
2.31 on 7 April. As per the 26 February 2025, 
the share price was NOK 2.55 representing a 
market capitalisation of North Energy of NOK 
299 million.
Outlook for 2026
The global economic outlook for 2026 is 
cautiously optimistic, with projected growth of 
3.3% and a decline in global headline inflation 
to 4.2%. However, several risks could impact 
this outlook, including geopolitical tensions, 
persistent inflation in certain sectors, and policy 
uncertainty. Trade tensions and environmental 
risks, such as climate change, also pose 
significant challenges.
USA and Israel's recent war on Iran, and Iran's 
retaliation against neighbouring allies and 
infrastructure, has added a new layer of risk as 
we enter 2026. The immediate impact has been 
spikes in oil and gas prices and freight rates 
as around 20% of global supply is contained 
to ensure decent working conditions with our 
suppliers, as well as with ourselves.
The Act shall promote companies' respect 
for basic human rights and decent working 
conditions. This applies to the company's own 
business, suppliers and the value chain of 
the suppliers. The law requires, among other 
things, the businesses to carry out due diligence 
assessments in order to understand the risk of 
possible breaches - and to introduce measures 
where necessary. Furthermore, the business has 
a duty to inform about what is used as a basis for 
the due diligence assessments and the results of 
these.
North Energy runs its business without this 
coming at the expense of basic human rights 
and decent working conditions. Therefore, 
North Energy has carried out a due diligence 
assessment of its own and suppliers' operations.
North Energy follow the OECD guidelines for due 
diligence assessments. In the assessment, we 
have looked at how large purchases we make 
from each individual supplier, which countries 
they operate in and whether they have their own 
goals and processes to safeguard human rights 
and good working conditions. The outcome of the 
assessment will be published within the deadline 
30 of June 2026 on www.northenergy.no.
external environment. The company has 
implemented internal procedures to comply 
with, amongst other, the Transparency Act in 
order to secure basic human rights and decent 
working conditions including a good working 
environment, equal opportunities and nondiscrimination and in addition combating 
corruption and bribery. 
As a significant shareholder in several 
companies, North Energy works to promote 
businesses that are responsible and 
sustainable, including the financial, social, and 
environmental consequences of the operations. 
This is demonstrated by the company’s main 
industrial investment, Reach Subsea, with the 
launch of the Reach Remote solution. This is 
an innovative service solution which virtually 
eliminates the carbon footprint compared to 
traditional services. 
North Energy has developed a policy statement 
which further describes its commitment to CSR. 
The document is published on
www.northenergy.no. 
Transparency Act
The Transparency Act is intended to help 
us reduce the risk of businesses causing or 
contributing to violations of human rights. It also 
contributes to the fact that we must do our part 
 Directors’ report | 17
The broader policy agenda still indicates 
a gradual shift towards renewable energy 
production, and we continue to remain firm 
believers in a future dominated by energy 
production that over time will become less 
carbon intensive. However, as living standards 
continue to rise globally, we expect energy 
demand to continue to grow. This energy 
demand needs to be met, either through 
existing or new sources of energy, and we 
will continue to seek out new investment 
opportunities both within traditional energy 
sources as well as less carbon intensive 
sources. Going forward, we will continue to 
take a prudent approach in terms of identifying 
new investments and to focus on opportunities 
that allow us to further broaden our portfolio of 
investments. While the energy sector remains 
at the core of our investment strategy, we also 
expect increased diversification through also 
investing in other industries and sectors as we 
continue to grow North Energy as an investment 
company over the years to come.
We continue to evaluate opportunities in new 
energy technology, however the road towards 
decarbonization is likely to be both long and 
complex as evidenced by the continued 
challenges for many companies focused 
on ‘green technology’ during the year 2024. 
These challenges have been persistent for 
several years and as the industry outlook has 
not materially improved during the year, the 
result has been continued weak share price 
performance and severe restrictions in access 
to financing. The underlying root cause of the 
situation is general and widespread structural 
challenges in profitability. For this situation to 
improve, the industry needs to demonstrate 
much more credible pathways to profitability 
which would likely only happen through a 
combination of technological improvements, 
efficiency improvements or various types 
of government incentives, or alternatively, 
disincentives for competing sources of carbon 
intensive energy production.
in the Hormuz strait. While the medium- and 
long-term effects are hard to assess at this 
point, a negative intermediate effect on world 
gdp can not be ruled out. At the same, actions 
to preserve energy security in the main energy 
importing regions could accelerate. This could 
translate into to increased investments in both 
conventional and renewable energy longer term.
Additionally, financial market volatility and 
potential market corrections could disrupt 
economic stability. High public debt ratios 
and financial instability in emerging markets 
are other areas of concern. Proactive policy 
measures and international cooperation will be 
crucial in mitigating these risks and ensuring 
sustained economic growth.
At North Energy, we remain committed to 
broadening our portfolio of industrial and 
financial investments. In this process, 
identifying new investments at attractive prices 
remains the core of our investment philosophy. 
Oslo, 18 March 2026
Anders Onarheim Elin Karfjell Jogeir Romestrand
Chair Director Director
Rachid Bendriss Didrik Leikvang
co-CEO co-CEO
18 | Corporate Governance
The following information is presented according 
to the same structure as the code and contains 
the same 15 main elements. 
1. Implementation and reporting on corporate 
governance
It is the executive management’s job to ensure 
that the areas of responsibility, individually and 
collectively, are prioritized according to the 
Company’s values and business codes. The 
Company has established clear guidelines for 
corporate social responsibility. These can be 
found on the Company’s website, 
www.northenergy.no.
2. The business
North Energy’s business purpose is to directly 
or indirectly own, manage and provide financing 
for activities within the energy industry, and 
other industries where the company has relevant 
competence.
North Energy targets to become a successful and 
respected investment company. The Company 
will achieve this through solid fundamental 
analysis and a focus on long-term value creation. 
Where relevant, the company seeks to create 
value for the shareholders in a sustainable 
manner. 
North Energy’s Articles of Association specify 
clear parameters for its operations, while its 
vision, goals and strategies are at the core of its 
management philosophy and operations. 
3. Equity and dividends
The Company’s dividend policy, which has been 
used since the accounting year 2022, states that 
“The Company intends to distribute an annual 
dividend that approximates 3% of year end Net 
Asset Value”. In accordance with the policy, the 
Board intends to propose a dividend of NOK 0.13 
per share for 2025. The Company’s dividend 
policy is also outlined on its website.
Corporate Governance
Pursuant to section 3, sub-section 3b of the Norwegian Accounting Act, North Energy is required to include a description of 
its principles for good corporate governance in the Directors’ report of its Annual Report or, alternatively, refer to where this 
information can be found. The Norwegian Corporate Governance Board (NCGB) has issued the Norwegian code of practice 
for corporate governance (the code), which can be found at www.nues.no. Observance of the code is based on the “comply or 
explain” principle, which means that companies must explain either how they comply with each of the recommendations in the 
code or why they have chosen an alternative approach. 
The Euronext Oslo Stock Exchange requires that listed companies on Oslo Børs and Euronext Expand provide an explanation of 
their corporate governance policy annually. Current requirements for companies listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange can be found 
at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/oslo.
 Corporate Governance | 19
The Company has a strong financial platform 
and a solid foundation for executing its strategy 
as an industrial investment company. Going 
forward, available financial funds are expected 
to be deployed to support this core strategy. 
All proposals from the Board concerning 
dividends must be approved by shareholders 
at the General Meeting to ensure that the 
Company’s equity and dividend are consistent 
with its objectives, strategies, and risk profile. 
Equity as of December 31, 2025, for the group 
was NOK 309.7 million, compared with NOK 
367.5 million at year-end 2024, giving an equity 
ratio of 77%, down from 98% at year-end 2024. 
Equity for the parent company was NOK 355.4 
million at year-end 2025, compared to NOK 
390.3 million at year-end 2024. The decrease 
in equity from last year is mainly due to a loss 
of NOK 17.3 million for the year, and dividend 
payment of NOK 17.6 million. 
The Company has a multicurrency credit 
facility with DNB for a total amount of NOK 
100 million where the Company uses listed 
financial investments as collateral. This gives 
the Company more flexibility when it comes to 
liquidity management. At the end of the year the 
Company has utilized the facility with NOK 82.3 
million which consist of drawdown of NOK 85.9 
million and currency gain of NOK 3.6 million.
20 | Corporate Governance
Company’s website no later than 21 days before 
the General Meeting. Provision is also made for 
shareholders to vote in advance of the Company’s 
General Meeting, and elections are organized 
such that it is possible to vote individually for 
candidates nominated to serve in the Company’s 
elected bodies. Shareholders who cannot attend 
the General Meeting in person are able to appoint 
a proxy to vote on their behalf. Proxy forms are 
provided that allow the proxy to be instructed how 
to vote on each agenda item.
The Board determines the agenda for the General 
Meeting. However, the most important items on 
the agenda are dictated by the Public Limited 
Liability Companies Act and the Company’s 
Articles of Association. Meeting minutes are 
published on the Company’s website the day 
after the General Meetings, at latest.
7. Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee submits 
recommendations for candidates to be elected, 
along with a justification, to the General 
Meeting, as well as nominates the Chair of the 
Board. Furthermore, the Committee will submit 
substantiated proposals for the remuneration of 
Directors and recommend Committee members. 
Establishment of the Committee is stipulated 
by the Articles of Association, and its work is 
regulated by instructions adopted by the General 
Meeting. 
At the AGM on April 10, 2025, the Company’s 
Board was granted authorization to acquire the 
Company’s own shares up to an aggregate value 
of NOK 11,725,159. With due consideration of 
the principle of equal treatment of shareholders 
the Board of Directors determines how the shares 
in the Company may be purchased or disposed. 
Any transactions that is carried out in own shares 
will be carried out either through the stock 
exchange or at prevailing stock exchange prices if 
carried out in any other way.
5. Freely negotiable shares
The North Energy share is listed on the Euronext 
Expand Oslo exchange. All shares are freely 
negotiable. The Articles of Association impose no 
restrictions on the negotiability of the share
6. General Meetings
The AGM is North Energy’s highest authority. The 
Company’s AGM in 2025 was held in accordance 
with the Public Limited Liability Companies Act. 
The Board endeavors to ensure that the General 
Meeting is an effective forum for communication 
between the Board and the Company’s 
shareholders. Thus, the Board makes provision 
for the highest possible participation by the 
Company’s owners at the General Meeting. Notice 
of the meeting and supporting documentation for 
items on the agenda are made available on the 
Cash and cash equivalents totaled NOK 101.1 
million as of December 31, 2025. Available 
liquidity of NOK 118.8 million, which consist of 
cash and unutilized credit facility, is regarded 
as strong in relation to the Company’s future 
obligations.
At the AGM on April 10, 2025, the Company’s 
Board was granted authorization to increase the 
share capital with 23,450,318 shares, equaling 
an increase of 20 per cent. This authorization 
is not limited to a defined purpose. The 
purpose of this authorization is to enable the 
Board of Directors to strengthen the equity to 
accommodate for the possibilities of expansion 
and development of the Company’s activities in 
line with the Company’s vision. At present, this 
authorization is not used
4. Equal treatment of shareholders and 
transactions with close associates
With reference to the Board’s authorization to 
increase the share capital described above the 
Board of Directors can, in order to accommodate 
the purpose of the authorization, waive the 
preemption rights of existing shareholders. If the 
Board decides to use the authority, and waive the 
preemption rights of existing shareholders, then 
the Board will specifically set out and justify the 
reason and specifically state how the principle of 
equal treatment is safeguarded.
 Corporate Governance | 21
of the Company and reports regularly to the 
Board. The administration is responsible for 
preparing matters for board meetings. Ensuring 
that the work of the Board is conducted in an 
efficient and correct manner in accordance with 
relevant legislation is the responsibility of the 
Chair. The Board ensures that the auditor fulfils 
a satisfactory and independent control function. 
It presents the auditor’s report to the General 
Meeting, which also approves the remuneration 
of the auditor. It was resolved in 2014 that the 
Audit Committee’s duties would be discharged 
directly by the Board. Likewise, the duties of the 
Compensation Committee, established by the 
Board in 2014, is now handled directly by the 
Board following a resolution in a Board meeting 
in 2017. The objective of the Compensation 
Committee is to ensure that compensation 
arrangements support the Company’s strategy 
and enable it to recruit, motivate and retain 
managers of a high standard, while complying 
with requirements set by governing bodies, 
fulfilling shareholder expectations and being 
in line with the expectations of the rest of the 
workforce. The Board conducts an annual 
evaluation of its work, competence, and 
performance.
10. Risk management and internal control
Strict standards are set for the Company’s 
internal control and management system. 
Work on further development and improvement 
of the Company’s executive management and 
significant business partners. At present, all 
three Directors own shares directly or indirectly 
in North Energy. No director holds options 
to buy further shares, but have as part of the 
Company’s long-term incentive plan purchased 
synthetic shares (see 11. Remuneration of the 
Board of Directors for further details). 
Eight board meetings were held in 2025. The 
meetings were conducted as a combination of 
physical attendance and attendance by video/ 
audio conferences. The attendance at the 
meetings from the Board members were 100%. 
9. The work of the Board of Directors
The Board’s work is regulated by instructions. 
Its duties consist primarily of managing 
North Energy, which includes determining the 
Company’s strategy and overall goals, approving 
its action program, and ensuring an acceptable 
organization of the business in line with the 
Company’s Articles of Association. The Board 
can also determine guidelines for the business 
and issue orders in specific cases. The Board 
must look after North Energy’s interests and not 
act as individual shareholders. 
A clear division of responsibility has been 
established between the Board and the 
executive management. The Chief Executives 
are responsible for operational management 
Nomination Committee members serve 
independently of the Board, and the Company’s 
executive management. Members of the 
Committee receive a fixed remuneration which is 
not dependent on results. The General Meeting 
decides on all recommendations made by the 
Committee. 
The members of the Nomination Committee are 
Hans Kristian Rød (Head), and Merete Haugli.
8. Board of Directors: composition and 
independence 
Following the recommendation from the 
Nomination Committee approved at the AGM, 
the Board consists of two men and one woman 
who serve as shareholder-elected Directors. All 
have broad experience. Two of these Directors 
are elected independently by the Company’s 
shareholders. The Directors provide industry 
specific professional expertise and experience 
from national and international companies. More 
information on each Director is available at www.
northenergy.no.
Shareholder-elected Directors are elected for 
two-year terms. Elections are conducted in such 
a way that new directors can join the board every 
year. 
Apart from Chairman Anders Onarheim, North 
Energy regards its Directors as independent 
22 | Corporate Governance
The Board determines the remuneration of 
the senior executives, and the remuneration 
is determined on the basis of an overall 
assessment where the main emphasis in the 
variable part of the remuneration is based on 
achieved results and implementation of the 
strategy plan based on the company’s values and 
ethical guidelines. The Board also considers the 
responsibility involved, qualifications required, 
and the complexity of the work. 
During 2025 the Company established a 
long-term incentive plan for the Management 
and the Board where the participants were 
offered to purchase synthetic shares in the 
Company. All leading personnel have purchased 
synthetic shares. The synthetic shares do not 
give the participant rights in the Company as 
a shareholder, but a right to sell the synthetic 
shares back to the Company after a vesting 
period of 3 years, where the consideration for the 
synthetic shares reflects the value of the shares 
in the Company. 
The Board issues a yearly remuneration report 
according to the requirements as set out in the 
Public Limited Liability Companies Act § 6-16 b, 
and the Regulations on guidelines and report on 
remuneration for senior executives § 6. The report 
is approved at the Annual General Meeting.
account of their responsibility, qualifications, 
time spent and the complexity of the business. 
Directors’ fees are not profit-related. None of the 
shareholder-elected Directors have undertaken 
special assignments for North Energy other than 
those presented in this report. During 2025 the 
Company established a long-term incentive plan 
for the Management and the Board where the 
participants were offered to purchase synthetic 
shares in the Company. The plan and the 
proposed allocation to Members of the Board 
were approved at the AGM in 2025. All members 
of the Board have purchased synthetic shares. 
The synthetic shares do not give the participant 
rights in the Company as a shareholder, but 
a right to sell the synthetic shares back to the 
Company after a vesting period of 3 years, 
where the consideration for the synthetic shares 
reflects the value of the shares in the Company.
12. Salary and other remuneration of executive 
personnel
On 10 April 2025 the AGM adopted the proposal 
from the Board of Directors for new guidelines, 
which included a new long-term incentive 
plan, for remuneration of leading personnel in 
North Energy ASA. The guidelines are compliant 
with the requirements as set out in the Public 
Limited Liability Companies Act § 6-16 a, and 
the Regulations on guidelines and report on 
remuneration for senior executives. 
of North Energy’s management system and 
associated documentation is a priority job 
in the Company’s corporate governance and 
risk management. Emphasis has been put on 
developing risk systems and internal control 
procedures adapted to the Company’s strategy 
as an investment company. The Company’s 
management system is a good tool for the 
executive management and reduces the risk 
of errors and misunderstandings. The system 
facilitates collaboration and learning and 
ensures continuity in the execution of the 
company’s processes. 
The executive management regularly follow 
up conditions which could pose a financial 
risk to the Company, and reports these to the 
Board. Reporting to the Board by the Company 
gives emphasis both to the on-going risk in 
daily operations and to risk associated with the 
investment opportunities presented. In addition, 
the Board carries out an overall risk assessment 
at least twice a year which takes account of all 
the Company’s activities and the exposure these 
involve. The Board does also at regular intervals 
have the auditor’s assessments of financial risk 
presented.
11. Remuneration of the Board of Directors
The Nomination Committee recommends the 
Directors’ fees to the General Meeting, and takes 
 Corporate Governance | 23
15. Auditor
The annual financial statements are audited by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS. The Board receives 
and considers the auditor’s report after the 
financial statements for the relevant year have 
been audited. The auditor submits an annual plan 
for the conduct of audit work and attends board 
meetings when the consideration of accounting 
matters requires their presence. In at least one of 
these meetings, the auditor makes a presentation 
to the Board without the executive management 
being present. The auditor presents a declaration 
of independence and objectivity. Relations with 
the auditor are regularly reviewed by the Board to 
ensure that the auditor exercises an independent 
and satisfactory control function. The Board 
presents the auditor’s fee to the General Meeting 
for approval by the shareholders.
openness and equal treatment in relation to all 
relevant parties in the market and strives always 
to provide as correct a picture as possible of the 
Company’s financial position.
14. Takeovers
North Energy’s Articles of Association contain no 
restrictions on or defense mechanisms against 
the acquisition of the Company’s shares. In 
accordance with its general responsibility for 
the management of North Energy, the Board will 
act in the best interests of all the Company’s 
shareholders in such an event. Unless special 
grounds exist, the Board will not seek to prevent 
takeover offers for the Company’s business or 
shares. Should an offer be made for the shares 
of North Energy, the Board will issue a statement 
with its recommendation as to whether 
shareholders should accept it.
13. Information and communications
North Energy keeps its shareholders and 
investors regularly informed about its 
commercial and financial status. The Board 
is conscientious that all stakeholders shall 
receive the same information at the same time, 
and all financial and commercial information 
is made available on the Company’s website 
simultaneously. Stock exchange announcements 
are distributed through www.newsweb.no and 
made available on the Company’s website. 
The annual financial statements for North Energy 
are made available on its website at least three 
weeks before the General Meeting. Interim 
reports are published within two months after 
the end of each quarter. North Energy publishes 
an annual financial calendar which is available 
on the Oslo Stock Exchange website and on 
www.northenergy.no. The Board emphasizes 
Oslo, 18 March 2026
Anders Onarheim Elin Karfjell Jogeir Romestrand
Chair Director Director
Rachid Bendriss Didrik Leikvang
co-CEO co-CEO
Financial
Statements
& Notes
 Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy | 25
Financial Statements
Income statement
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
2025 2024 (NOK 1 000) Note 2025 2024
 90 90 Sales 90 90 
 (22 768) (15 282) Payroll and related expenses 5 (22 768) (15 282)
 (1 549) (1 577) Depreciation and amortisation 10, 15 (1 549) (1 577)
 (4 422) (8 294) Other operating expenses 6 (4 593) (8 463)
 (16 089) 47 060 Change in fair value of financial investments 20, 2 (16 089) 47 060 
 347 423 Net result from investments in associates 18 (1 228) 31 811 
 (44 391) 22 420 Operating profit/(loss) (46 136) 53 639 
 30 780 13 910 Financial income 16 9 662 7 487 
 (3 580) (3 021) Financial expenses 16 (3 580) (3 021)
 27 200 10 889 Net financial items 6 082 4 466 
 (17 191) 33 309 Profit/(loss) before income tax (40 054) 58 105 
 (130) 0 Income taxes 14 (130) 0 
 (17 320) 33 309 Profit/(loss) for the year (40 184) 58 105 
Earnings per share (NOK per share) 
 (0.15) 0.28 - Basic 12 (0.34) 0.50 
 (0.15) 0.28 - Diluted 12 (0.34) 0.50 
26 | Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy
Statement of comprehensive income
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
2025 2024 (NOK 1 000) Note 2025 2024
 (17 320) 33 309 Profit/(loss) for the year (40 184) 58 105 
Other comprehensive income, net of tax:
 0 0 Total other comprehensive income, net of tax 0 0 
 (17 320) 33 309 Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year (40 184) 58 105 
 Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy | 27
Statement of financial position
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
ASSETS
31/12/25 31/12/24 (NOK 1 000) Note 31/12/25 31/12/24
ASSETS
Non-current assets
 107 117 Property, plant and equipment 15 107 117 
 1 924 3 462 Right-of-use assets 10 1 924 3 462 
 256 128 256 128 Investments in subsidiaries 18 0 0 
 5 410 5 064 Investments in associates 18 215 916 238 493 
 263 568 264 771 Total non-current assets 217 946 242 073 
Current assets
 238 282 Trade and other receivables 7 238 282 
 238 221 Loan to subsidiaries 13 0 0 
 82 193 30 336 Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss 20 82 193 30 336 
 100 923 101 919 Cash and cash equivalents 8 101 106 102 045 
 183 591 132 758 Total current assets 183 536 132 663 
 447 159 397 529 Total assets 401 482 374 735 
28 | Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy
Statement of financial position
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
31/12/25 31/12/24 (NOK 1 000) Note 31/12/25 31/12/24
Equity
 117 252 119 047 Share capital 9 117 252 119 047 
 0 (3 411) Treasury shares 9 0 (3 411)
 809 340 826 928 Share premium 809 340 826 928 
 30 691 30 691 Other paid-in capital 30 691 30 691 
 (601 869) (582 933) Retained earnings (647 546) (605 747)
 355 413 390 321 Total equity 309 736 367 508 
Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
 0 0 Deferred tax liability 14 0 0 
 418 2 052 Leasing liabilities 10 418 2 052 
 4 173 0 Other non-current liabilities 11 4 173 (0)
 4 591 2 052 Total non-current liabilities 4 591 2 052 
Current liabilities
 1 691 1 684 Leasing liabilities, current 10 1 691 1 684 
 216 330 Trade creditors 216 349 
 0 0 Tax payable 14 0 0 
 2 910 3 142 Other current liabilities 11 2 910 3 142 
 82 338 0 Current borrowings 17 82 338 0 
 87 155 5 156 Total current liabilities 87 155 5 175 
 91 745 7 208 Total liabilities 91 745 7 227 
 447 159 397 529 Total equity and liabilities 401 482 374 735 
Oslo, 18 March 2026
Anders Onarheim Elin Karfjell Jogeir Romestrand
Chair Director Director
Rachid Bendriss Didrik Leikvang
co-CEO co-CEO
 Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy | 29
Statement of changes in equity
GROUP
Other
Share Treasury Share paid-in Retained Total
(NOK 1 000) capital shares premium capital earnings equity
Equity at 1 January 2024 119 047 (3 411) 838 653 30 691 (663 852) 321 128 
Total comprehensive income for 01.01.24-31.12.24 58 105 58 105 
Paid dividend (11 725) (11 725)
Equity at 31 December 2024 119 047 -3 411 826 928 30 691 -605 747 367 508 
Total comprehensive income for 01.01.25-31.12.25 (40 184) (40 184)
Capital reduction by deletion of treasury shares (1 795) 3 411 (1 616) 0 
Paid dividend (17 588) (17 588)
Equity at 31 December 2025 117 252 0 809 340 30 691 (647 546) 309 736 
PARENT COMPANY
Other
Share Treasury Share paid-in Retained Total
(NOK 1 000) capital shares premium capital earnings equity
Equity at 1 January 2024 119 047 (3 411) 838 653 30 691 (616 242) 368 737 
Total comprehensive income for 01.01.24-31.12.24 33 309 33 309 
Paid dividend (11 725) (11 725)
Equity at 31 December 2024 119 047 (3 411) 826 928 30 691 (582 933) 390 321 
Total comprehensive income for 01.01.25-31.12.25 (17 320) (17 320)
Capital reduction by deletion of treasury shares (1 795) 3 411 (1 616) 0 
Paid dividend (17 588) (17 588)
Equity at 31 December 2025 117 252 0 809 340 30 691 (601 869) 355 413 
30 | Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy
Cash flows statement
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
2025 2024 (NOK 1 000) Note 2025 2024
Cash flows from operating activities
 (17 320) 33 309 Income before income tax (40 184) 58 105 
Adjustments:
 1 549 1 577 Depreciation 10, 15 1 549 1 577 
 16 089 (47 060) Change in fair value of financial investments 20 16 089 (47 060)
 (21 100) (6 000) Dividend from subsidiary 0 0 
 (347) (423) Net result from investments in associates 18 1 228 (31 811)
 145 201 Interest costs on lease debt 145 201 
 3 176 754 Interest costs on bank facility 17 3 176 754 
 (113) 229 Changes in trade creditors (133) 246 
 (3 582) (1 444) Changes in other items 11 (3 582) (1 315)
 (21 503) (18 857) Net cash flows from operating activities (21 712) (19 304)
Cash flows from investing activities
 0 0 Dividends from associates 18 21 350 18 300 
 (88 786) (70 885) Purchase of financial investments 17 (88 786) (70 885)
 21 742 195 777 Proceeds from sales of financial investments 17 21 742 195 777 
 (17) 11 831 Loan to subsidiaries 0 0 
 21 100 6 000 Dividend from subsidiaries 17 0 0 
 (45 960) 142 722 Net cash flows from investing activities (45 694) 143 191 
Cash flows from financing activities
 3 295 0 Payments related to LTIP / synthetic shares 3 295 0 
 (17 588) (11 725) Dividends paid 9 (17 588) (11 725)
 85 915 (13 575) Drawdown/repayment bank facility 17 85 915 (13 575)
 (3 176) (754) Interest costs on bank facility* 17 (3 176) (754)
 (1 772) (1 612) Lease payments including interests* (1 772) (1 612)
 66 674 (27 666) Net cash flows from financing activities 66 674 (27 666)
 (789) 96 199 Net change in cash and cash equivalents (732) 96 221 
 101 919 5 848 Cash and cash equivivalents at 1 January 8 102 045 5 952 
 (207) (128) Effect of exchange rate fluctuation on cash and cash equivalents (207) (128)
 100 923 101 919 Cash and cash equivivalents at 31 December 8 101 106 102 045 
 Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy | 31
32 | Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy
NOTE 1 General information
The financial statements of North Energy were approved by the Board of 
Directors and the Co-CEOs on March 18, 2026.
North Energy ASA is a public limited Group incorporated and domiciled in 
Norway, with its main office located in Oslo. The Group’s shares were listed 
on former Oslo Axess (now Euronext Expand), an exchange regulated by the 
Euronext Oslo Stock Exchange, on February 5, 2010. The Group's ticker is 
NORTH.
The Group consist of North Energy ASA and the two fully owned 
subsidiaries, North Industries 1 AS and North Industries 2 AS. 
NOTE 2 Summary of significant accounting policies
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these 
financial statements are laid out below. Unless otherwise stated, these 
policies have consistently been applied to all periods presented. 
2.1 Basis for preparation
The group consolidated and the parent company financial statements have 
been prepared in accordance with IFRS® Accounting Standards as adopted 
by the EU (IFRS) and certain requirements in the Norwegian Accounting Act.
The group financial statements for North Energy ASA include the 
subsidiaries as described in note 1. The accounting policies are applied 
consistently when consolidating ownership interests in subsidiaries and are 
based on the same reporting periods as those used for the parent company. 
When preparing the consolidated financial statements, intragroup 
transactions and balances, along with gains and losses on transactions 
between group units, are eliminated.
2.2 Investment in associates
Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but 
not control or joint control. This is generally the case where the Group holds 
between 20% and 50% of the voting rights. Investments in associates are 
accounted for using the equity method of accounting, after initially being 
recognised at cost. The ownership in Reach Subsea ASA is at the end of the 
year 15.5%. However, it is still regarded as an associated company since 
North Energy ASA has two representatives on the board of the company,
Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially 
recognised at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share 
of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in profit or loss, and 
the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income of the 
investee in other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable 
from associates are recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of the 
investment. 
The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for 
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate 
that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is 
recognised for the amount by which the investment’s carrying amount 
exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of 
the investment’s fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. 
2.3 Foreign currency
Functional currency and presentation currency
The presentation currency in the Group’s consolidated financial statements 
is Norwegian Kroner (“NOK”). The parent company of the Group, North 
Energy ASA, has NOK as its functional currency.
 Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy | 33
Transactions in foreign currency
Foreign currency transactions are translated into NOK using the exchange 
rates on the transaction date. Monetary balances in foreign currencies are 
translated into NOK at the exchange rates on the date of the balance sheet. 
Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such 
transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the income statement. 
 
2.4 Leases (as lessee)
IFRS 16 defines a lease as a contract that conveys the right to control the 
use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. 
For each contract that meets this definition, IFRS 16 requires lessees to 
recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability in the balance sheet with 
certain exemptions for short term and low value leases. Lease payments are 
to be reflected as interest expense and a reduction of lease liabilities, while 
the right-of-use assets are to be depreciated over the shorter of the lease 
term and the assets’ useful life. Lease liabilities are measured at the present 
value of remaining lease payments, discounted using the Group’s calculated 
borrowing rate. 
2.5 Financial assets
The Group’s financial assets are listed and non-listed equity instruments, 
receivables and cash and cash equivalents. The classification of financial 
assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual 
cash flow characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing 
them. 
Financial assets at amortized cost
The Group measures financial assets at amortized cost if both of the 
following conditions are met: 
• The financial asset is held within a business model with the objective to 
hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows and,
• The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates 
to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the 
principal amount outstanding 
Financial assets at amortized cost are subsequently measured using the 
effective interest (EIR) method and are subject to impairment. Gains and 
losses are recognized in profit or loss when the asset is derecognized, 
modified or impaired. The Groups financial assets at amortized cost 
includes trade receivables and other short-term deposits. 
Receivables are initially recognised at fair value less impairment losses. 
Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss include financial assets 
held for trading, financial assets designated upon initial recognition at fair 
value through profit or loss, or financial assets mandatorily required to be 
measured at fair value. Financial assets are classified as held for trading 
if they are acquired for the purpose of selling or repurchasing in the near 
term. Derivatives, including separated embedded derivatives, are also 
classified as held for trading unless they are designated as effective hedging 
instruments. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried 
in the statement of financial position at fair value with net changes in fair 
value recognized in the statement of profit or loss.
The Board and management of the Group is following up all current financial 
investments at fair value according to the business model of the Group.
2.6 Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, deposits with banks and 
other short-term highly liquid investments with original maturities of three 
months or less.
34 | Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy
2.7 Borrowings 
All loans and borrowings are initially recognised at cost, being the fair value 
of the consideration received net of transaction/issue costs associated 
with the borrowing. After initial recognition, interests-bearing loans and 
borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective 
interest method. Any difference between the consideration received net of 
transaction/issue costs associated with the borrowing and the redemption 
value, is recognised in the income statement over the term of the loan.
2.8 Taxes
Income taxes for the period comprises tax payable and changes in deferred 
tax. 
Tax is recognised in the income statement, except to the extent that it 
relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly 
in equity. In this case the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive 
income or directly in equity.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated based on existing 
temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and 
liabilities in the financial statements and their tax bases, together with 
tax losses carried forward at the balance sheet date. Deferred tax assets 
and liabilities are calculated based on the tax rates and tax legislation 
that are expected to exist when the assets are realised or the liabilities are 
settled, based on the tax rates and tax legislation that have been enacted 
or substantially enacted on the balance sheet date. Deferred tax assets are 
recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits 
will be available against which the assets can be utilised. The carrying 
amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and 
reduced to the extent that is no longer probable that the deferred tax asset 
can be utilised. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally 
enforceable right to offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities 
and when the deferred taxes assets and liabilities relate to income taxes 
levied by the same taxation authority on the same taxable entity.
2.9 Defined contribution pension plans
The Group’s payments under defined contribution pension plans are 
recognised in the income statement as employee benefits expense for the 
year to which the contribution applies.
2.10 Provisions
A provision is recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive 
obligation resulting from past events, it is probable (i.e. more likely than 
not) that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, 
and the amount has been reliably estimated. Provisions are reviewed at 
each balance sheet date and adjusted to reflect the current best estimate. 
Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected 
to be required to settle the obligation. The increase in the provision owing to 
passage of time is recognised as a financial cost.
The Group recognises a provision and an expense for severance payments 
when there exists a legal obligation to make severance payments. 
The Group recognises a provision and an expense for bonuses to 
employees, when the Group is contractually obliged or where there is a past 
practice that has created a constructive obligation. 
2.11 Trade creditors
Trade creditors are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently 
measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
 Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy | 35
2.12 Revenue recognition 
Revenues from sales of services are recorded over time when the service 
are performed. 
2.13 Contingent liabilities
Contingent liabilities are not recognised in the financial statements unless 
an outflow of resources embodying economic benefit has become probable. 
Significant contingent liabilities are disclosed, except for contingent liabilities 
where the probability of the liability occurring is remote.
2.14 Earnings per share
The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit 
attributable to owners of the Group using the weighted average number of 
ordinary shares outstanding during the year after deduction of the average 
number of treasury shares held over the period.
The calculation of diluted earnings per share is consistent with the 
calculation of the basic earnings per share, but gives at the same time 
effect to all dilutive potential ordinary shares that were outstanding during 
the period, by adjusting the profit/loss and the weighted average number of 
shares outstanding for the effects of all dilutive potential shares, i.e.: 
• The profit/loss for the period is adjusted for changes in profit/loss that 
would result from the conversion of the dilutive potential ordinary shares.
• The weighted average number of ordinary shares is increased by the 
weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would 
have been outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential 
ordinary shares. 
2.15 Segment reporting
The Group reports only one business segment which includes the 
investment activities. Based on this, no segment note is presented, and this 
is in accordance with management’s reporting.
2.16 Treasury shares
Own equity instruments which are reacquired (treasury shares) are 
recognised at cost and deducted from equity. No gain or loss is recognised 
in the income statement on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of 
the Group’s own equity instruments. Any difference between the carrying 
amount and the consideration is recognised in equity.
2.17 Cash flow statement
The cash flow statement is prepared by using the indirect method. 
2.18 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures
(a) New and amended standards and interpretations adopted by the 
Group 
New standards, amendments and interpretations to existing standards 
effective from 1 January 2025 did not have any significant impact on the 
financial statements.
(b) New and amended standards and interpretations issued but not 
adopted by the Group
Certain new standards or amendments to standards and interpretations 
are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026 and 
have not been applied in preparing these consolidated financial statements. 
None of these new standards and amendments to standards and 
interpretations are expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s 
financial statements.
36 | Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy
NOTE 3 Financial risk management
3.1 Financial risks
The Group is exposed to a variety of risks, including market risk, credit risk, 
interest rate risk, liquidity risk and currency risk. 
This note presents information about the Group's exposure to each of the 
aforementioned risks, and the Group's objectives, policies and processes 
for managing such risks. The note also presents the Group's objectives, 
policies and processes for managing capital.
(a) Market risk
North Energy is exposed to market risk involving the risk of changing 
conditions in the specific marketplace in which the Group makes 
investments. Sources of market risk include changes in market sentiment 
as well as recessions, political turmoil, changes in interest rates, natural 
disasters, and terrorist attacks. Energy prices in 2025 continued to show 
relative stability compared to the extreme volatility experienced in earlier 
years, though periodic fluctuations persisted. Geopolitical tensions, 
including the ongoing effects of the war in Ukraine, remained a contributing 
factor to market uncertainty. Global investment in energy infrastructure 
increased further from 2024 to 2025, with continued momentum toward 
clean energy technologies and electrification initiatives.
(b) Credit risk
The Group is mainly exposed to credit risk related to bank deposits. 
The exposure to credit risk is monitored on an ongoing basis. As all 
counterparties have a high credit rating, there are no expectations that any 
of the counterparties will not be able to fulfil their liabilities. The maximum 
exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrying amount of each 
financial asset in the balance sheet. 
(c) Interest rate risk
The group’s exposure to interest rate risk is related to usage of the 
Prime Finance credit facility provided by DNB, with floating interest rate 
conditions. The group is therefore exposed to interest rate risk as part of its 
normal business activities and the aim is to keep this risk at an acceptable 
level. The credit facility entitles the Group to borrow up to NOK 100 million 
secured by a pledge in the Group’s financial investments.
(d) Liquidity risk
The Group's liquidity risk is the risk that it will not be able to pay its financial 
liabilities as they fall due. The Group’s approach to managing liquidity 
risk is to ensure that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its 
financial liabilities as they fall due, under normal as well as extraordinary 
circumstances, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage 
to the Group’s reputation. Sufficient liquidity will be held in regular bank 
accounts at all times to cover expected payments relating to operational 
activities and investment activities. 
The Group’s financial liabilities are short-term and fall due within 12 
months.
(e) Currency risk
The Group’s functional currency is the NOK, and the Group is exposed 
to foreign exchange rate risk related to the value of NOK relative to other 
currencies. The Group is exposed to currency risk related to its activities 
mainly because some parts of the Group’s investments are or have been 
in USD, EUR, CAD, and GBP. In addition, the Group is exposed to currency 
risk through the credit facility with DNB where the Group can finance the 
investments by borrowing in multiple currencies. The Group has not entered 
into any agreements to reduce its exposure to foreign currencies. 
 Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy | 37
3.2 Capital management
The Group’s aim for management of capital structure is to secure the 
business in order to yield profit to shareholders and contributions to other 
stakeholders. In addition, a capital structure at its optimum will reduce the 
costs of capital. To maintain or change the capital structure in the future, 
the Group can pay dividends to its shareholders, issue new shares or sell 
assets to reduce debt. The Group may buy its own shares. The point of time 
for this is dependent on changes in market prices.
The Group monitors its capital structure using an equity ratio, which is total 
equity divided by total assets. As of December 31, 2025, the equity ratio 
was 77% which is down from 98% from last year.
The Group will handle any increased future capital requirements by selling 
assets, raising new capital, taking up loans, establishing strategic alliances 
or any combination of these, and by adjusting the Group's activity level if 
necessary.
NOTE 4 Critical accounting estimates and judgements 
4.1 Critical accounting estimates and assumptions 
The preparation of the financial statements in accordance with IFRS 
requires management to make judgements and use estimates and 
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, 
income, and expenses. 
The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical 
experience and various other factors that are considered to be reasonable 
under the circumstances. The estimates and underlying assumptions are 
reviewed on an ongoing basis. 
At year end, the Group's most important accounting estimates are related 
to fair value of Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss
NOTE 5 Payroll and related expenses, remuneration of directors and 
management
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
Amounts in NOK 1 000 2025 2024 2025 2024
Salaries 15 864 11 058 15 864 11 058 
Fees to the board and election 
committee 2 441 1 190 2 441 1 190 
Payroll tax 2 729 2 249 2 729 2 249 
Pension costs 766 718 766 718 
Long-term incentive plan 878 0 878 0 
Other benefits 89 68 89 68 
Total 22 768 15 282 22 768 15 282 
Average number of employees 3.0 3.0 3.0 3.0
Pensions
The company has a defined contribution pension plan. The pension 
arrangements fulfil the requirements of the Norwegian Act on mandatory 
occupational pensions.
Long-term incentive plan
As described in the updated Remuneration guidelines approved by the AGM 
in 2025, the Company has established a long term incentive plan for the 
Management and the Board where the participants are offered to purchase 
synthetic shares in the Company. The Synthetic Shares do not give the participant 
rights in the Company as a shareholder, but a right to sell the Synthetic Shares 
back to the Company after a vesting period of 3 years, where consideration for 
the Synthetic Shares shall reflect the value of the shares in the Company. The 
synthetic shares will vest in full 3 years after being awarded. The purchase price 
for the synthetic shares was 2.636 and is based on the 5-day volume-weighted 
average price (VWAP) ending May 20, 2025. The participants were offered to 
38 | Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy
borrow 90% of the purchase price from the Company. The loan will bear interest 
at an interest rate equivalent to the applicable normal interest rate for the taxation 
of low-cost loans from an employer (Normrente for beskatning av rimelige lån 
hos arbeidsgiver). Total amount paid by the participants to the Company in 2025 
was NOK 3.3 million, while the Company has reported a cost of NOK 0.9 million 
during the year. At the end of the year the Company has accrued NOK 4.2 million 
in liabilities in relation to the long-term incentive plan.
Remuneration to directors and management in 2025:
The board of directors shall prepare a declaration in accordance with the 
Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act (Allmennaksjeloven) §6-16a.
The information in accordance with the Norwegian Accounting Act §7-31b are 
available in a separate report that is published on www.northenergy.no
Amounts in NOK 1 000
Directors' 
fees Salaries Pension Other *
Management **
Rachid Bendriss (CEO) 6 846 266 311
Didrik Leikvang (CEO) 6 846 237 311
Rune Damm (CFO) 2 173 263 65
Board of directors
Anders Onarheim (chair) 1 533 211 
Elin Karfjell (director) 317 35 
Jogeir Romestrand (director) 317 35 
Total 2167 15 864 766 967 
The election commitee has recieved a fee of NOK 100k in 2025 
 
* Other includes provisions for long-term incentive plan and allowances to cover telephone and 
internet, group life insurance and travel insurance. 
** Figures for remuneration are exclusive payroll tax. 
 
 
Remuneration to directors and management in 2024:
Amounts in NOK 1 000
Directors' 
fees Salaries Pension Other *
Management **
Rachid Bendriss (CEO) 4 567 248 23
Didrik Leikvang (CEO) 4 567 223 23
Rune Damm (CFO) 1 924 246 23
Board of directors
Anders Onarheim (chair) 550 
Elin Karfjell (director) 275 
Jogeir Romestrand (director) 275 
Total 1100 11 058 717 68 
The election commitee has recieved a fee of NOK 90k in 2024 
* Other includes provision for allowances to cover telephone and internet, group life insurance and 
travel insurance. 
** Figures for remuneration to management are exclusive payroll tax. 
 Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy | 39
NOTE 6 Other operating expenses and remuneration to auditor
Other operating expenses consist of:
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
Amounts in NOK 1 000 2025 2024 2025 2024
Travelling expenses 357 597 357 597 
Consultant and other fees 1 266 1 659 1 362 1 781 
Other administrative expenses 2 799 6 038 2 874 6 085 
Total 4 422 8 294 4 593 8 463 
 
Remuneration to auditor is allocated as specified below: 
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
Amounts in NOK 1 000 2025 2024 2025 2024
Audit 731 644 786 699 
Attestations and other assistance 58 38 58 38 
Total, incl. VAT 789 682 844 737 
NOTE 7 Trade and other receivables
Trade and other receivables consist of:
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
Amounts in NOK 1 000 2025 2024 2025 2024
Trade receivables 27 - 27 - 
Prepaid expenses 211 282 211 282 
Total 238 282 238 282 
NOTE 8 Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents:
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
Amounts in NOK 1 000 2025 2024 2025 2024
Bank deposits 100 923 101 919 101 106 102 045 
Total cash and cash equivalents 100 923 101 919 101 106 102 045 
Of this:
 Restricted cash for witheld taxes 
from employees salaries 526 496 526 496 
40 | Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy
NOTE 9 Share capital and shareholder information
2025 2024
Number of issued shares at 1 January 119 047 065 119 047 065 
Treasury shares deleted during the year (1 795 472) 0 
Number of issued shares at 31 December 117 251 593 119 047 065 
Nominal value NOK per share at 31 December 1.00 1.00 
Share capital NOK at 31 December 117 251 593 119 047 065 
North Energy ASA has one share class with equal rights for all shares. 
 
Main shareholders as of 31 December 2025:
Shareholder
Number of 
shares % share
AB INVESTMENT AS 17 127 892 14.6%
CELISA CAPITAL AS 12 706 191 10.8%
ISFJORDEN AS 11 634 242 9.9%
ONARHEIM ANDERS 8 000 000 6.8%
INTERTRADE SHIPPING AS 4 550 000 3.9%
TRIOMAR AS 3 100 000 2.6%
TVEITÅ EINAR KRISTIAN 2 529 000 2.2%
SALTEN KRAFTSAMBAND AS 2 419 215 2.1%
ARNT HAGEN HOLDING AS 2 368 993 2.0%
BAKKANE ARVID 2 250 000 1.9%
ROME AS 2 050 849 1.7%
CORUNA AS 2 000 000 1.7%
GRØNLAND STEINAR 1 943 429 1.7%
EIKANGER INVEST AS 1 900 000 1.6%
TAJ HOLDING AS 1 792 030 1.5%
CLEARSTREAM BANKING S.A. 1 775 898 1.5%
ORIGO KAPITAL AS 1 343 569 1.1%
MIDDELBOE AS 1 275 732 1.1%
Avanza Bank AB MEGLERKONTO 1 208 167 1.0%
Maxwell Montes AS 1 189 186 1.0%
Total 20 largest shareholders 83 164 393 70.9%
Other shareholders 34 087 200 29.1%
Total 117 251 593 100.0%
 Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy | 41
Number of shares owned by management and directors at 31 December 2025:
Management
Didrik Leikvang (Co-CEO), through Isfjorden AS and privately 
owned 12 082 887 10.3%
Rachid Bendriss (Co-CEO), through Celisa Capital AS 12 706 191 10.8%
Board of Directors
Anders Onarheim (chairman), through AB Investment AS, Liju 
Invest AS and privately owned 25 626 642 21.9%
Jogeir Romestrand (director), through Rome AS 2 050 849 1.7%
Elin Karfjell (director), through Elika AS 407 700 0.3%
Total 52 874 269 45.1%
Number of shares owned by management and directors at 31 December 2024:
Management
Didrik Leikvang (Co-CEO), through Isfjorden AS and privately 
owned 11 169 242 9.5%
Rachid Bendriss (Co-CEO), through Celisa Capital AS 12 542 546 10.7%
Board of Directors
Anders Onarheim (chairman), through AB Investment AS, Liju 
Invest AS and privately owned 25 462 996 21.7%
Jogeir Romestrand (director), through Rome AS 1 887 204 1.6%
Elin Karfjell (director), through Elika AS 407 700 0.3%
Total 51 469 688 43.9%
NOTE 10 Leases
Right-of-use assets:
The Company leases office facilities. The Company's right-of-use assets are 
categorised and presented in the table below: 
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
Amounts in NOK 1 000 2025 2024 2025 2024
Right-of-use assets
Acquisition cost at 1 January 12 247 12 055 12 247 12 055 
Addition of right-of-use assets 0 0 0 0 
Disposals of right-of-use assets 0 0 0 0 
Changes in estimates 0 192 0 192 
Acquisition cost 31 December 12 247 12 247 12 247 12 247 
Accumulated depreciation and impairment 1 January (8 785) (7 246) (8 785) (7 246)
Depreciation (1 539) (1 539) (1 539) (1 539)
Impairment 0 0 0 0 
Accumulated depreciation and impairment 31 December (10 324) (8 785) (10 324) (8 785)
Carrying amount of right-of-use assets 31 
December 1 924 3 462 1 924 3 462 
Lower of remaining lease term or 
economic life 1.25 years
Depreciation method Linear
42 | Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy
Leasing liabilities:
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
Amounts in NOK 1 000 2025 2024 2025 2024
Lease liabilities at 1 January 3 736 4 950 3 736 4 950 
Additions new lease contracts 0 0 0 0 
Disposals lease contracts 0 0 0 0 
Changes in estimates 0 197 0 197 
Accretion of interest expense 145 201 145 201 
Payments of lease liabilities (1 772) (1 612) (1 772) (1 612)
Total leasing liabilities 31 December 2 109 3 736 2 109 3736 
Break down of lease debt:
Short-term 1 691 1 684 1 691 1 684 
Long-term 418 2 052 418 2 052 
Total lease debt 2 109 3 736 2 109 3 736 
Maturity of future undiscounted lease payments under non-cancellable 
lease agreements:
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
Amounts in NOK 1 000 2025 2024 2025 2024
Within 1 year 1 753 1 720 1 753 1 720 
1 to 5 years 438 2 150 438 2 150 
After 5 years - - - - 
Total 2 192 3 871 2 192 3 871 
The leases do not impose any restrictions on the Company’s dividend policy 
or financing opportunities. 
 
NOTE 11 Other current and non-current liabilities
Other Current liabilities
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
Amounts in NOK 1 000 2025 2024 2025 2024
Public duties payable 886 910 886 910 
Holiday pay 950 902 950 902 
VAT payable 54 55 54 55 
Other accruals for incurred costs 1 019 1 275 1 019 1 275 
Total 2 910 3 142 2 910 3 142 
NOTE 12 Earnings per share
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
2025 2024 2025 2024
Profit/(loss) for the year attributable to owners of North Energy 
ASA 
(NOK 1 000) (17 320) 33 309 (40 184) 58 105 
Weighted average number of 
shares outstanding including 
treasury shares 117 251 593 119 047 065 117 251 593 119 047 065 
Weighted average number of 
treasury shares outstanding 0 (1 795 472) 0 (1 795 472)
Weighted average number of 
shares outstanding excluding 
treasury shares 117 251 593 117 251 593 117 251 593 117 251 593 
Earnings per share (NOK per share) 
 - Basic (0.15) 0.28 (0.34) 0.50 
 - Diluted (0.15) 0.28 (0.34) 0.50 
 Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy | 43
NOTE 13 Related parties
The Company's transactions with related parties:
Overview of subsidiaries
The purpose of North Industries 1 AS and North Industries 2 AS is to own 
North Energy's investments in Reach Subsea ASA and Wind Catching 
Systems AS respectively. 
In August 2023 a new loan agreement totalling NOK 0.2 million was 
established between North Energy and North Industries 2 AS to be used for 
operational expenses. 
The interest rate payable for the loan are based on market rates (monthly 
NOWA) plus a margin of 3%.
 
Loan to subsidiaries:
Amounts in NOK 1 000
PARENT 
COMPANY
2025 2024
North Industries 1 AS Loan balance 0 0
North Industries 1 AS Accrued interest 0 0
North Industries 2 AS Loan balance 200 200
North Industries 2 AS Accrued interest 38 21
Total 238 221
Interest income from subsidiaries:
Amounts in NOK 1 000
PARENT 
COMPANY
2025 2024
North Industries 1 AS Interest income 2 407
North Industries 2 AS Interest income 17 16
Total 18 423
Financial figures for the subsidiary North Industries 1 AS:
Amounts in NOK 1 000 (100% basis, unaudited) 2025 2024
Revenues 0 0 
Operating result (114) (103)
Pre-tax profit 21 234 17 789 
Cash and cash equivalents 169 46 
Total assets 197 800 197 676 
Total liabilities 8 500 10 
Equity 189 300 197 666 
North Industries 1 AS is fully consolidated in the North Energy group 
accounts while in the parent company the subsidiary is accounted for using 
the cost method. 
Book value of North Energy's investment in the subsidiary is NOK 197.6 
million. The main asset in the subsidiary is the investment in Reach Subsea 
ASA which has an estimated market value of NOK 347.2 million based on 
the share price at the end of the year. The market value of Reach Subsea at 
year end 2025 was higher than the book value in the subsidiary, hence there 
was no need for any impairment.
44 | Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy
Financial figures for the subsidiary North Industries 2 AS:
Amounts in NOK 1 000 (100% basis, unaudited) 2025 2024
Revenues 0 0 
Operating result (56) (66)
Pre-tax profit (73) (82)
Cash and cash equivalents 14 80 
Total assets 68 410 68 476 
Total liabilities 238 230 
Equity 68 172 68 246 
North Industries 2 AS is fully consolidated in the North Energy group 
accounts while in the parent company the subsidiary is accounted for using 
the cost method. 
Book value of North Energy's investment in the subsidiary is 69.0 million. 
The main asset in the subsidiary is the investment in Wind Catching System. 
Based on the share price used in the recent private placement, and the 
recent development in WCS no impairment indicators are identified.
NOTE 14 Tax
Specification of income tax: 
PARENT 
COMPANY GROUP
Amounts in NOK 1 000 2025 2024 2025 2024
Tax payable 0 0 0 0 
Withholding tax 130 0 130 0 
Change deferred tax 0 0 0 0 
Total income tax 130 0 130 0 
Specification of temporary differences, tax losses carried forward and deferred tax:
PARENT 
COMPANY GROUP
Amounts in NOK 1 000 2025 2024 2025 2024
Property, plant and equipment and Right-of-use assets 1 915 3 421 1 915 3 421 
Leasing liabilities (2 109) (3 736) (2 109) (3 736)
Financial investments 2 251 4 790 2 251 4 790 
Provisions 0 0 0 0 
Tax losses carried forward, onshore (85 816) (63 671) (87 176) (65 482)
Total basis for deferred tax (83 759) (59 195) (85 119) (61 006)
Deferred tax asset/liability before valuation allowance 18 427 13 023 18 726 13 421 
Uncapitalised deferred tax asset (valuation allowance) (18 427) (13 023) (18 726) (13 421)
Deferred tax asset/(liability) 0 0 0 0 
 
 Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy | 45
Reconciliation of effective tax rate:
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
Amounts in NOK 1 000
Profit/(loss) before income tax (38 291) 33 309 (40 054) 58 105 
Expected income tax 22% (8 424) 7 328 (8 812) 12 783 
Adjusted for tax effects (22%) of the following items: 
Permanent differences 3 020 (5 032) 3 507 (10 497)
Adjustments previous years* 109 0 109 0 
Change in valuation allowance for deferred tax 
assets 5 295 (2 296) 5 196 (2 287)
Withholding tax paid on dividend from foreign 
company
 130 130 
Total income tax 130 (0) 130 0 
NOTE 15 Property, plant and equipment
Amounts in NOK 1 000 Equipment, office machines, etc 
PARENT 
COMPANY GROUP
2025 2024 2025 2024
Cost:
At 1st of January 577 577 577 577 
Additions 0 0 0 0 
At 31st of December 577 577 577 577 
Depreciation and impairment:
At 1st of January (460) (421) (460) (421)
Depreciation this year (10) (38) (10) (38)
At 31st of December (470) (460) (470) (460)
Carrying amount at 31 of December 107 117 107 117 
Economic life 3-10 years
Depreciation method linear
46 | Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy
NOTE 16 Finance income and costs
Finance income:
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
Amounts in NOK 1 000 2025 2024 2025 2024
Interest income bank deposits 3 849 1 342 3 849 1 342 
Interest income on bonds 902 5 205 902 5 205 
Foreign exchange gain 3 629 940 3 629 940 
Dividend from subsidiaries 21 100 6 000 0 0 
Dividend from financial investments 1 282 0 1 282 0 
Interest income from subsidiaries 18 423 0 0 
Total finance income 30 780 13 910 9 662 7 487 
Finance costs:
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
Amounts in NOK 1 000 2025 2024 2025 2024
Interest expenses 3 321 1 938 3 321 1 938 
Foreign exchange loss 259 1 083 259 1 083 
Other finance costs 0 0 0 0 
Total finance costs 3 580 3 021 3 580 3 021 
 Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy | 47
NOTE 17 Financial instruments
(a) Categories of financial instruments
at 31 December 2025:
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
Amounts in NOK 1 000
Financial assets
measured at 
amortised cost
Financial assets 
at fair value through 
profit or loss 
Financial assets
measured at 
amortised cost
Financial assets 
at fair value through 
profit or loss 
Assets:
Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss 82 193 82 193 
Loan to subsidiaries 238 
Cash and cash equivalents 100 923 101 106 
Total 101 160 82 193 101 106 82 193 
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
Amounts in NOK 1 000
Financial assets
measured at 
amortised cost
Financial assets 
at fair value through 
profit or loss 
Financial assets
measured at 
amortised cost
Financial assets 
at fair value through 
profit or loss 
Liabilities:
Current borrowings, credit facility* 82 338 82 338 
Trade creditors 216 216 
Total 82 554 0 82 554 0 
48 | Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy
at 31 December 2024:
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
Amounts in NOK 1 000
Financial assets
measured at 
amortised cost
Financial assets 
at fair value through 
profit or loss 
Financial assets
measured at 
amortised cost
Financial assets 
at fair value through 
profit or loss 
Assets:
Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss 30 336 30 336 
Loan to subsidiaries 221 
Cash and cash equivalents 101 919 102 045 
Total 102 141 30 336 102 045 30 336 
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
Amounts in NOK 1 000
Financial assets
measured at 
amortised cost
Financial assets 
at fair value through 
profit or loss 
Financial assets
measured at 
amortised cost
Financial assets 
at fair value through 
profit or loss 
Liabilities:
Current borrowings, credit facility* - - 
Trade creditors 330 349 
Total 330 0 349 0 
* The Company has a multicurrency credit facility with DNB for a total amount of NOK 100 million. The Company uses listed financial investments as collateral for the credit facility. The facility was, at the 
end of 2025 utilised with NOK 82.3 million. 
 Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy | 49
NOTE 17 Financial instruments (continued)
(b) Fair value of financial instruments 
The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents and other current receivables is approximately equal to fair value, since these instruments have a 
short term to maturity. Similarly, the carrying amount of trade creditors and other current liabilities is approximately equal to fair value, since the effect of 
discounting is not significant, due to short term to maturity. Fair value of the stock exchange-listed shares is the stock market price at the balance sheet date 
(level 1 in the fair value hierarchy). Fair value of bonds is usually based on quoted market prices at the balance sheet date (level 2 in the fair value hierarchy). 
Fair value of other non-listed investments are valued using the best information available in the circumstances including the entities' own data. (level 3 in the 
fair value hierarchy). 
Other non-listed investments consist primarily of the investment in USD 18.8 million of face value in Senior Secured Notes (SSN) of Petrofac Ltd. The SSN 
have been valued based on a bottom-up analysis of specific recovery sources in the Petrofac group, where secured creditors have priority claims. Specific 
recovery sources includes the Asset Solutions business, Petrofac Emirates, Petrofac Towers, and the 10% stake in the deepwater pipelay and heavy lift vessel 
JDS 6000. The bottom-up analysis of the specific sources indicates a combined recovery range of 19-29% of the face value of senior secured debt in Petrofac 
Ltd, while other potential recovery sources than the specific sources have been valued at zero. North Energy has valued its position at 20% of face value.
In addition, the investment in Interoil bonds has, since last year been moved from level 2 to level 3 as there are no longer reliable observable quotes for these 
bonds. Also the valuation of Interoil bonds have been written down from 80% (NOK 9.3 million) last year end to 10% (NOK 1.4 million) this year end. 
Specification of financial instruments based on level in the fair value hierarchy 
PARENT COMPANY
Fair Value 31.12.2025 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Shares 42 843 42 843
Bonds 39 349 39 349
Total fair value 42 843 0 39 349 82 193
There has been no transfer between level 1 and level 2 during 2025.
Reconciliation of level 3 in the fair value hierarchy Level 3
Opening balance 0
Movement during the period 39 349
Closing balance 39 349
GROUP
Fair Value 31.12.2025 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Shares 42 843 42 843
Bonds 0 39 349 39 349
Total fair value 42 843 0 39 349 82 193
There has been no transfer between level 1 and level 2 during 2025.
Reconciliation of level 3 in the fair value hierarchy Level 3
Opening balance 0
Movement during the period 39 349
Closing balance 39 349
50 | Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy
Cash and cash equivalents
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
Amounts in NOK 1 000 2025 2024 2025 2024
Bank deposits 100 923 101 919 101 106 102 045 
Credit rating
No external credit rating 0 0 0 0 
A 0 0 0 0 
AA- 100 923 101 919 101 106 102 045 
Total 100 923 101 919 101 106 102 045 
Reconciliation of cash flows from financing activities
The table shows a reconciliation between the opening and the closing balances in the statement of financial position for liabilities arising from financing activites.
Non-cash flows
2025 31/12/2024 Cash flows Interests Other* 31/12/2025
Payments related to LTIP / synthetic shares 3 295 
Paid dividends (17 588)
Current borrowings 0 85 915 (3 578) 82 338 
Paid interests bank facility (3 176)
Leasing liabilities 3 736 (1 772) 145 0 2 109 
Total 3 736 66 674 145 (3 578) 84 446 
* Other includes unrealised exchange rate effects
 Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy | 51
Non-cash flows
2024 31/12/2023 Cash flows Interests Other* 31/12/2024
Paid dividends (11 725)
Current borrowings 13 575 (13 575) 0 
Paid interests bank facility (754)
Leasing liabilities 4 950 (1 612) 201 197 3 736 
Total 18 525 (27 666) 201 197 3 736 
* Other includes additions and disposals of lease contracts and changes in estimates of lease liabilities
The Company has a multicurrency credit facility with DNB for a total amount of NOK 100 million. The Company uses listed financial investments as collateral 
for the credit facility. interests are calculated based on a non fixed term reference rate per currency plus a margin of 250 bps . At the end of the year 2025 the 
Company has utilized the facility with NOK 82.3 million.
(d) Financial risk factors
See note 3 for financial risk factors and risk management and capital management.
52 | Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy
NOTE 18 Investment in subsidiaries and associates
Reconciliation and specification of carrying amount of investments in subsidiaries and associates:
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
Amounts in NOK 1 000 2025 2024 2025 2024
Opening balance carrying amount of investments in associates 261 191 260 768 238 494 224 982 
Gain on dilution of ownership, Reach Subsea ASA* 0 0 (7 655) (2 101)
Acquisition cost shares acquired, Reach ASA 0 0 0 0 
Acquisition cost shares acquired, Wind Catching Systems AS 0 0 0 0 
Share of net result in investment, Reach Subsea ASA 0 0 16 431 38 482 
Share of net result in investment, Wind Catching Systems AS 0 0 (10 351) (4 992)
Share of net result in investment, Tyveholmen AS 347 423 347 423 
Dividend received, Reach Subsea ASA 0 0 (21 350) (18 300)
Investment in subsidiaries 0 0 0 0 
Total carrying amount of investments in subsidiaries and associates at balance date 261 538 261 191 215 916 238 494 
 Consist of:
 Reach Subsea ASA 0 0 201 805 214 379 
 Tyveholmen AS 5 410 5 064 5 410 5 064 
 Wind Catching Systems AS 0 0 8 701 19 052 
 North Industries 1 AS 187 098 187 098 
 North Industries 2 AS 69 029 69 029 
Total carrying amount of investments in associates at balance date 5 410 5 064 215 916 238 494 
Total carrying amount of investments in subsidiaries at balance date 256 128 256 128 0 0 
 Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy | 53
Specification of net result from investments in associates recognised in the income statement:
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
Amounts in NOK 1 000 2025 2024 2025 2024
Share of net result in investment, Reach Subsea ASA 0 0 16 431 38 482 
Share of net result in investment, Wind Catching Systems AS 0 0 (10 351) (4 992)
Share of net result in investment, Tyveholmen AS 347 423 347 423 
Gain/-loss on dilution of ownership, Reach Subsea ASA* 0 0 (7 655) (2 101)
Net result from investments in associates 347 423 (1 228) 31 811 
* The gain or loss on dilution of ownership is an accounting effect triggered by private placements and issuing of consideration shares resulting in increased equity in the associated companies. North 
Energy has in some private placements participated with a lower share than the original ownership and not participated in other private placements, hence North Energy's ownership percentage has been 
reduced while the value of the investment has increased or decreased. Gain or loss on the deemed disposals arises because the amount per share subscribed by the third party was greater or lower than 
North Energy's carrying value per share prior to the event.
The dilution of ownership in Reach Subsea took place on 4 December 2024 and 9 March 2025. 
Ownership interests in subsidiaries and associates at 31 December:
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
2025 2024 2025 2024
Reach Subsea ASA 0.00 % 0.00 % 15.53 % 17.98 %
Tyveholmen AS 50.00 % 50.00 % 50.00 % 50.00 %
Wind Catching Systems AS 0.00 % 0.00 % 22.03 % 22.03 %
North Industries 1 AS 100.00 % 100.00 %
North Industries 2 AS 100.00 % 100.00 %
54 | Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy
Financial figures for the associated company Reach Subsea ASA:
Amounts in NOK 1 000 (100% basis, unaudited) 2025 2024
Revenues 2 674 629 2 717 024 
Operating result 149 431 363 756 
Pre-tax profit 81 000 230 009 
Cash 514 174 278 022 
Total assets 3 605 794 3 247 702 
Equity 1 218 266 1 091 913 
The share price of Reach Subsea at year and was NOK 6.83 per share, 
equivalent to a market value of NOK 2,236 million. North Energy's relative 
share of this was NOK 347.2 million, based on the ownership of 15.53% .
 
The investment in Reach is accounted for as an associated company, using 
the equity method. North Energy regards Reach as an associated company 
based on the representation in the Board of Directors in Reach Subsea ASA 
and based on the 15.53% ownership. Thus, North Energy consolidates its 
share of the net result from Reach, adjusted for any impairment or reversal 
of impairment due to share price fluctuations. The market value of Reach 
Subsea at year end 2025 was higher than the book value, hence there was 
no need for any impairment.
 
On 5 March 2025 Wilhelmsen New Energy AS exercised its remaining 
44,707,373 warrants with a strike of NOK 3.28 per share in Reach Subsea 
ASA. Following the exercise, Wilhelmsen no longer holds any remaining 
warrants in the Company. North Energy's ownership of Reach was on a fully 
diluted basis 15.53% per 31 December 2025. 
 
 
Financial figures for the associated company Wind Catching Systems AS (WCS)
Amounts in NOK 1 000 (100% basis, unaudited) 2025 2024
Revenues 0 2 
Operating profit (25 559) (18 478)
Profit after tax (24 174) (15 489)
Cash 11 217 53 807 
Total assets 63 876 90 202
Equity 60 438 84 612
WCS is accounted for as an associated company, using the equity method. 
The consolidated figures for WCS includes adjustments necessary to 
transform the figure from NGAAP to IFRS. Book value of North Energy's 
investment is 8.7 million. Based on the share price used in the latest private 
placement, and the recent development in WCS no impairment indicators 
are identified.
 
WCS has, in the shareholder agreement from November 2020, issued 
warrants (subsciption rights) for a total of 45.000 shares to the shareholders 
Armada AS, Nasjonalparken AS and Homan AS for a period of 5 years from 
April 2021. The price for each share under the warrants is NOK 110. North 
Energy's ownership of WCS was on a fully diluted basis 18.19% per 31 
December 2025. 
 
 
 Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy | 55
Financial figures for the associated company Tyveholmen AS:
Amounts in NOK 1 000 (100% basis, unaudited) 2025 2024
Revenues 6 878 5 866 
Operating profit 849 740 
Profit after tax 693 847 
Cash 2 800 2 674 
Total assets 10 028 9 918 
Equity 9 688 8 913 
Tyveholmen is accounted for as an associated company, using the equity 
method. Book value of North Energy's 50% share of the company is NOK 
5.4 million.Tyveholmen has investments in bonds accounted at historic 
cost price. Based on unrealized gains on the bonds, not recognized in the 
financial statement, no impairment indicators are identified. 
 
NOTE 19 Contingent liabilities
As of 31 December 2025 the company is not involved in any legal or financial 
disputes. 
 
 
NOTE 20 Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss 
Financial investments include:
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
Amounts in NOK 1 000 2025 2024 2025 2024
Stock exchange-listed shares 42 843 21 040 42 843 21 040 
Bonds 39 349 9 296 39 349 9 296 
Total carrying amount financial investments, current 82 193 30 336 82 193 30 336 
The main financial investments at 31 December 2025 consists of shares in 
Fugro NV and Hafnia Limited as well as bonds in Petrofac Ltd. and Interoil 
Exploration. The main investments at 31 December 2024 consisted of shares in 
Thor Medical ASA as well as bonds in Interoil Exploration. 
 
PARENT COMPANY GROUP
Amounts in NOK 1 000 2025 2024 2025 2024
Change in fair value recognised in income 
statement under operating items (16 089) 47 060 (16 089) 47 060 
Interest income bonds recognised as 
finance income 902 5 205 902 5 205 
NOTE 21 Events after the balance sheet date
There are no subsequent events with significant accounting impacts that have 
occurred between the end of the reporting period and the date of this report 
that are not already reflected or disclosed in these financial statements. 
 
 
56 | Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy
We declare, to the best of our judgement, that 
the annual financial statements for the period 
from 1 January to 31 December 2025 have been 
prepared in accordance with the applicable 
accounting standards, and that the information 
in the accounts fairly reflects the Company’s 
assets, liabilities, financial position, and results 
as a whole. 
We also declare that the Directors’ report provides a true and fair view of the Company’s and 
Group’s performance, results, and position, 
along with a description of the most important 
risk and uncertainty factors facing the Company.
.
Responsibility statement 
by the Board of Directors and CEO
Oslo, 18 March 2026
Anders Onarheim Elin Karfjell Jogeir Romestrand
Chair Director Director
Rachid Bendriss Didrik Leikvang
co-CEO co-CEO
 Financial Statements & Notes – North Energy | 57
In 2025, the North Energy share gave a total return, including dividends paid, of 5.2 per 
cent. In comparison, an investment in the Oslo Børs Benchmark Index over the same 
period provided a positive return of 18.4 per cent, while the Oslo Energy Index yielded 
a return of 4.5 per cent. During the year, 35.0 million North Energy shares changed 
hands on the Oslo Stock Exchange, down from 44.7 million in 2024, representing a 
daily average trading volume of 140.100 shares
Dividend policy
In 2022, the Board of Directors adopted a new dividend policy, which states that “The 
Company intends to distribute an annual dividend that approximates 3% of year end 
Net Asset Value”. In accordance with the policy, the Board intends to propose a dividend of NOK 0.13 per share for 2025.
Ownership structure
At the end of 2025 North Energy had 1,726 shareholders, down from 1,873 shareholders at the end of 2024. Approximately 5.0 per cent of the Company’s shares were 
owned by foreign investors at the end of 2025, which is down from 5.7 per cent from 
last year end. The Company’s employees, management, and Board held in total 45.1 
per cent of the shares in the Company by the end of the year, up from 43.2 per cent 
from last year end. North Energy’s 20 largest shareholders held 70.9 per cent of the 
shares as of 31 December 2025, up from 69.8 per cent from last year end.
Share capital
North Energy’s share capital on 31 December 2025 was NOK 117,251,593 divided 
into 117,251,593 shares, each with a nominal value of NOK 1. The Company deleted 
1,795,472 treasury shares during the year.
Table: Top 20 shareholders as of December 31, 2025
Shareholder information
North Energy is listed on the Euronext Expand Oslo marketplace. The Company has one share class, and each share carries one 
vote at the general meetings.
Investor
Number of 
shares
% of 
total Type Country
1 AB INVESTMENT AS 17 127 892 14.61 % Ordinary Norway
2 CELISA CAPITAL AS 12 706 191 10.84 % Ordinary Norway
3 ISFJORDEN AS 11 634 242 9.92 % Ordinary Norway
4 ONARHEIM ANDERS 8 000 000 6.82 % Ordinary Norway
5 INTERTRADE SHIPPING AS 4 550 000 3.88 % Ordinary Norway
6 TRIOMAR AS 3 100 000 2.64 % Ordinary Norway
7 TVEITÅ EINAR KRISTIAN 2 529 000 2.16 % Ordinary Norway
8 SALTEN KRAFTSAMBAND AS 2 419 215 2.06 % Ordinary Norway
9 ARNT HAGEN HOLDING AS 2 368 993 2.02 % Ordinary Norway
10 BAKKANE ARVID 2 250 000 1.92 % Ordinary Norway
11 ROME AS 2 050 849 1.75 % Ordinary Norway
12 CORUNA AS 2 000 000 1.71 % Ordinary Norway
13 GRØNLAND STEINAR 1 943 429 1.66 % Ordinary Norway
14 EIKANGER INVEST AS 1 900 000 1.62 % Ordinary Norway
15 TAJ HOLDING AS 1 792 030 1.53 % Ordinary Norway
16 CLEARSTREAM BANKING S.A. 1 775 898 1.51 % Nominee Luxembourg
17 ORIGO KAPITAL AS 1 343 569 1.15 % Ordinary Norway
18 MIDDELBOE AS 1 275 732 1.09 % Ordinary Norway
19 Avanza Bank AB MEGLERKONTO 1 208 167 1.03 % Broker Sweden
20 Maxwell Montes AS 1 189 186 1.01 % Ordinary Norway
Total number owned by top 20 83 164 393 70.93 %
Total number of shares 117 251 593 100.0 %
Auditors’ 
report
 Auditors’ report | 59
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS, org.no.: 987 009 713 MVA, Statsautoriserte revisorer, medlemmer av Den norske Revisorforening og autorisert regnskapsførerselskap 
Advokatfirmaet PricewaterhouseCoopers AS, Org.no.: 988 371 084 MVA, Medlemmer av Advokatforeningen. advokatfirmaet@pwc.com 
PwC Tax Services AS, Org.no.: 962 066 321 MVA, Autorisert regnskapsførerselskap, Medlem av Regnskap Norge 
Kanalsletta 8, Postboks 8017, NO-4068 Stavanger, T: 02316 (+47 952 60 000) www.pwc.no 
To the General Meeting of North Energy ASA 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements 
Opinion 
We have audited the financial statements of North Energy ASA, which comprise: 
 the financial statements of the parent company North Energy ASA (the Company), which comprise the statement 
of financial position as at 31 December 2025, the income statement, statement of comprehensive income, 
statement of changes in equity and cash flows statement for the year then ended, and notes to the financial 
statements, including material accounting policy information, and 
 the consolidated financial statements of North Energy ASA and its subsidiaries (the Group), which comprise the 
statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025, the income statement, statement of comprehensive 
income, statement of changes in equity and cash flows statement for the year then ended, and notes to the 
financial statements, including material accounting policy information. 
In our opinion 
 the financial statements comply with applicable statutory requirements, 
 the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Company as at 31 December 
2025, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS 
Accounting Standards as adopted by the EU, and 
 the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group as at 31 
December 2025, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with 
IFRS Accounting Standards as adopted by the EU. 
Our opinion is consistent with our additional report to the Audit Committee. 
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those 
standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our 
report. We are independent of the Company and the Group as required by relevant laws and regulations in Norway and 
the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants 
(including International Independence Standards) (IESBA Code) as applicable to audits of financial statements of public 
interest entities, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe 
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
To the best of our knowledge and belief, no prohibited non-audit services referred to in the Audit Regulation (537/2014) 
Article 5.1 have been provided. 
We have been the auditor of North Energy ASA for 19 years from the election by the general meeting of the shareholders 
on 1 November 2007 for the accounting year 2009, with a renewed election on the 25 April 2014. 
Key Audit Matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the 
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial 
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. 
We have determined that there are no key audit matters to communicate in our report. 
2 / 3 
Other Information 
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director (management) are responsible for the information in the Board of 
Directors’ report and the other information accompanying the financial statements. The other information comprises 
information in the annual report, but does not include the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. Our 
opinion on the financial statements does not cover the information in the Board of Directors’ report nor the other 
information accompanying the financial statements. 
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the Board of Directors’ report and the 
other information accompanying the financial statements. The purpose is to consider if there is material inconsistency 
between the Board of Directors’ report and the other information accompanying the financial statements and the financial 
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or whether the Board of Directors’ report and the other information 
accompanying the financial statements otherwise appears to be materially misstated. We are required to report if there is 
a material misstatement in the Board of Directors’ report or the other information accompanying the financial statements. 
We have nothing to report in this regard. 
Based on our knowledge obtained in the audit, it is our opinion that the Board of Directors’ report 
 is consistent with the financial statements and 
 contains the information required by applicable statutory requirements. 
Our opinion on the Board of Directors' report applies correspondingly to the statement on Corporate Governance. 
Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements 
Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with 
IFRS Accounting Standards as adopted by the EU, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary 
to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s and the Group’s ability to 
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern 
basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic 
alternative but to do so. 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. 
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with 
ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic 
decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements. 
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism 
throughout the audit. We also: 
 identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. 
We design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting 
from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional 
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. 
 obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the 
Company's and the Group's internal control. 
 evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and 
related disclosures made by management. 
 conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on 
the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast 
significant doubt on the Company's and the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a 
material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in 
the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based 
on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may 
60 | Auditors’ report
3 / 3 
cause the Company and the Group to cease to continue as a going concern. 
 evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and 
whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves a 
true and fair view. 
 obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business 
activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for 
the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion. 
We communicate with the Board of Directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit 
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit. 
We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be 
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied. 
From the matters communicated with the Board of Directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance 
in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these 
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely 
rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse 
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication. 
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements 
Report on Compliance with Requirement on European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) 
 
Opinion 
As part of the audit of the financial statements of North Energy ASA, we have performed an assurance engagement to 
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements included in the annual report, with the file name 
northasa-2025-12-31-en.zip, have been prepared, in all material respects, in compliance with the requirements of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815 on the European Single Electronic Format (ESEF Regulation) and 
regulation pursuant to Section 5-5 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act, which includes requirements related to the 
preparation of the annual report in XHTML format, and iXBRL tagging of the consolidated financial statements. 
In our opinion, the financial statements, included in the annual report, have been prepared, in all material respects, in 
compliance with the ESEF regulation. 
Management’s Responsibilities 
Management is responsible for the preparation of the annual report in compliance with the ESEF regulation. This 
responsibility comprises an adequate process and such internal control as management determines is necessary. 
Auditor’s Responsibilities 
For a description of the auditor’s responsibilities when performing an assurance engagement of the ESEF reporting, see: 
https://revisorforeningen.no/revisjonsberetninger
 
Stavanger, 18 March 2026 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS 
 
Arne Birkeland 
State Authorised Public Accountant 

North Energy ASA will present financial statements on the 
following dates in 2026:
Q1 2026 interim financial report: 13 May 2026
Half-yearly 2026 interim financial report: 19 August 2026
Q3 2026 interim financial report: 18 November 2026
Q4 2026 interim financial report: 18 February 2027
The annual General Meeting is planned to be held on 
14 April 2026
All dates are subject to change.
North Energy ASA- Financial Calendar for 
2026
North Energy ASA
Address: Tjuvholmen allé 19, 0252 OSLO
E-mail: post@northenergy.no
Phone: +47 22 01 79 50
Legal Org. Number: NO 891 797 702 MVA